#summary 1.3 Curation

[Metadata 1.1 Metadata] | [Participation 1.2 Participation] | [Curation 1.3 Curation] | [Crosswalking 2.1 Crosswalking] | [Mining 2.2 Mining] | [Search 2.3 Search]

==Outcome 1.3 All OLAC repositories conform to current best practices for the long-term curation of their holdings.==

1.3a _Recommendation:_ Develop an OLAC recommendation document on best practices for the long-term curation of language archive holdings.

  * *Deliverable:* A recommendation aimed at digital language archives. The approach should not be to develop best practice recommendations about archiving practices since professional archiving groups are doing that. Our approach should be to refer our community to that work by others, and then to develop a recommended means of reporting to prospective users a self-assessment of conformance to best practices.<br>
  * *Status:* Completed as [http://www.gial.edu/theses/Debbie-Chang-thesis.pdf TAPS: Checklist for Responsible Archiving of Digital Language Resources], an MA thesis by Debbie Chang (Graduate Institute of Applied Linguistics, 2010). It is based on best practice statements by archives community, e.g. [http://www.crl.edu/content.asp?l1=13&l2=58&l3=162%20&l4=92 Core Requirements], [http://www.crl.edu/content.asp?l1=13&l2=58&l3=162&l4=91 TRAC], [http://www.dcc.ac.uk/tools/daf/ DAF], [http://www.dcc.ac.uk/tools/drambora/ DRAMBORA], [http://nestor.cms.hu-berlin.de/moinwiki/WG_Trusted_Repositories_-_Certification NESTOR], [http://www.datasealofapproval.org/ Data Seal of Approval]<br>
  * *Deliverable:* An informational note aimed at individuals who have language resources that need to be archived that advises them on what practices to look for when identified a place to archive their work.<br>
  * *Status:* This has taken the form of the TAPS checklist which is part of the above thesis.<br>

1.3b _Archive categories:_ Refine the `<olac-archive>` description to include more fine-grained categorization of participating "archives" to distinguish those that curate resources from those that do not.

  * *Deliverable:* Add an optional `<archivalSubmisionPolicy>` element to the `<olac-archive>` description so that participants who are truly archives (as opposed to aggregators or indexers) can identify themselves and describe what they can offer to would-be submitters.<br>
  * *Status:* __Completed__ in version 1.1.<br>
  * *Deliverable:* A new page on the OLAC site listing all of the actual archives with their submission policies. This page is aimed at individuals who are looking for a place to archive language resources they have created.<br>
  * *Status:* Completed, posted at http://www.language-archives.org/submission-policies.html.<br>
  * *Indicator:* Number of OLAC participants that have documented their submission policy.<br>
  * *Status:* 7.<br>

1.3c _Score cards:_ Incorporate curation practices into OLAC's score card system.

  * *Deliverable:* Develop a self assessment tool that will allow archives to report where they are with respect to best practice recommendations.<br>
  * *Status:* Completed as the TAPS checklist (see 1.3a above).<br>
  * *Indicator:* Number of OLAC participants that have posted a self assessment.<br>
  * *Status:* At this point, we have decided against going through with the idea of posting self assessments.<br>

1.3d _State-of-the-art assessment:_ Assess the state of the art with respect to the archival curation of language resources.

  * *Deliverable:* A report on the state of the art of language archiving, highlighting what is at risk and offering recommendations.<br>
  * *Status:* Incorporated into the thesis listed above under 1.3a, and presented as a [http://www.hrelp.org/events/external/lsa2011/assets/LSA2011_Chang_poster.pdf poster] at the 2011 LSA symposium on language archiving.<br>