#summary Document how LanguageCommons Uploader was deployed on the current OLAC server.

= Introduction =

This wiki page documents how the LanguageCommons Uploader, written by Alistair Roche, was deployed on the current OLAC web server as of May 2011. Additional information non-existent in the software documentation is included. That will help reduce learning curve for future deployment on a different server.


= Prerequisites =

Install Django 1.2.5.
Install Django uni_form.
Install Django south.

(Apache, MySQL and mod_wsgi were already available on the OLAC server.)


= Install LanguageCommons Uploader at non-root URL =

Download LanguageCommons Uploader from the olac svn repository. The latest version can be downloaded from [https://github.com/atroche/language-commons here].

{{{
mkdir /olac/languagecommons
cd /olac/languagecommons
wget http://olac.googlecode.com/svn/src/language-commons-uploader.tgz
}}}

Unpack the package and rename the unpackaged directory.
At the top level of the directory, you should see files like README.markdown, settings.py and urls.py.

{{{
tar xf language-commons-uploader.tgz
mv language-commons django_deploy
rm language-commons-uploader.tgz
}}}

Create a directory called apache.

{{{
cd django_deploy
mkdir apache
}}}

Inside the apache directory, create a file called django.wsgi.

{{{
import os
import sys
import olac

os.environ['PYTHON_EGG_CACHE'] = olac.olacvar('python/egg_cache/wsgi')
os.environ['DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE'] = 'settings'

sys.path.append('/olac/languagecommons/django_deploy')
import django.core.handlers.wsgi
application = django.core.handlers.wsgi.WSGIHandler()
}}}

Edit settings.py to edit database, timezone settings, plus 
the SECRET_KEY. Change ROOT_URLCONF's value to "urls".

Create uploader/secret.py file as explained in README.markdown. This file should contain two variables as follows:

{{{
accesskey = '...'
secretkey = '...'
}}}

Edit uploader/management/commands/upload_items.py as it has bugs. Remove the following line:

{{{
from commons.settings import MEDIA_ROOT, PROJECT_DIR
}}}

and add the following line:

{{{
from django.conf import settings
}}}

Then, for each instance of MEDIA_ROOT and PROJECT_DIR, prefix them with "settings.", e.g.

{{{
MEDIA_ROOT --> settings.MEDIA_ROOT
PROJECT_DIR --> settings.PROJECT_DIR
}}}


For each (broken) links in the media/admin directory, find the actual
file under /usr/lib/python2.5/site-packages/django/contrib/admin/media.
Replace the links with the actual files.

Create an uploads directory, where uploaded items are saved.

{{{
cd /olac/languagecommons/django/media
mkdir uploads
chgrp www-data uploads
chmod g+w uploads
}}}

Edit templates/sr.xml file and update the baseURL.

= Configure MySQL =

= Configure Apache =

Set up a virtual host and add the following lines to the config file.

{{{
Alias /media/ /olac/languagecommons/django/media/
Alias /admin_media/ /olac/languagecommons/django/media/admin/
WSGIScriptAlias / /olac/languagecommons/django/apache/django.wsgi
}}}


= Cron job =
Add a cron job checks newly accepted items and uploads them to archive.org. For example,

{{{
*/15 * * * * (cd /olac/languagecommons/django_deploy; ./manage.py upload_items)
}}}