#summary Scraping task status

Prospects
 * [http://www.aiys.org/aodl/public/access/alma_ebooks/about.php African Language Materials Archive]
 54 resources.<br>
 __Done.__<br>
 * [http://www.hrelp.org/archive/catalogue/ Endangered Languages Archive]
 21 resources.<br>
 Scrapable, although the data would be messy.<br>
 * [http://www.ecml.at/doccentre/doccentre.asp?t=overview European Centre for Modern Languages]
 Thousands of resources.<br>
 Not scrapable (so far I can see no way of doing so). Uses MARC format.<br>
 * [http://www.ynlc.ca/ Yukon Native Language Centre]
 Nice site, plenty of resources, ~8 languages.<br>
 Not scrapable.<br>
 * [http://www.ciil.org/ Central Institute of Indian Languages]
 Over 350 resources (for sale) on 7+ Indian languages.<br>
 Easily scrapable, but there is very little info on the resources, crucially they don't say what language they're about.<br>
 A lot of their sites are still under construction, including a Linguistic Repository, spoken and written corpus and an e-books collection. Definitely one to watch.<br>

Smaller prospects
 * [http://www.smo.uhi.ac.uk/saoghal/ Sabhal Mòr Ostaig](one language)
 Can't read this, but the site is a college teaching in Scottish Gaelic. Their library has a good collection of resources for that language.<br>

Probably unsuitable
 * [http://www.eurominority.org/version/eng/index.asp Eurominority]
 Interesting site, very few resources.<br>
 * [http://www.eblul.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=14&Itemid=33 EBLUL]
 Same as Eurominority<br>
 * [http://translate.google.com/translate?prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ciemen.cat%2Fdocs.htm&sl=ca&tl=en&history_state0= CIEMEN]
 Looks good, but none of it is online as far as I can find.<br>


Previously Scraped archives which need updating:
 * [http://www.language-archives.org/archive/ailla.utexas.edu AILLA]
 I have written a script to export their database to OLAC.
 * [http://www.language-archives.org/archive/elra.icp.inpg.fr ELRA]
 * [http://www.language-archives.org/archive/acl.sr.language-archives.org ACL]
 waiting for them to create a database which could be exported to OLAC.