# Extra data that isn't in any of our data sources.
deu	sn	German
cmn	sn	Chinese
ara	sn	Arabic
#Old languages that have (comment) messing up name in ISO data
arc	sn	Official Aramaic
oar	sn	Old Aramaic
ang	sn	Old English
pro	sn	Old Occitan
fro	sn	Old French
goh	sn	Old High German
sga	sn	Old Irish
oko	sn	Old Korean
peo	sn	Old Persian
pro	sn	Old Provençal
dum	sn	Middle Dutch
enm	sn	Middle English
frm	sn	Middle French
gmh	sn	Middle High German
mga	sn	Middle Irish
okm	sn	Middle Korean
ota	sn	Ottoman Turkish
# Misspellings
por	sn	Portugese
# Extra data from looking at the test set classification failures
cjm	wn	Cham
ace	wn	Atjehnese
bpr	wn	Bilaan
kjs	wn	Kewa
kew	wn	Kewa
dgc	wn	Dumagat (Casiguran)
kle	wn	Kulunge Rai
fss	sn	Finnish-Swedish Sign Language
qut	wn	West Central Quiché
yuz	sn	Yurakaré
sci	wn	Sri Lanka Malay
nmn	wn	Western !Xoon
bwm	wn	Mudukumo
ygw	wn	Kukɨna Yaguye
sns	wn	Nahavaq
cic	wn	Chicksaw
eng	wn	ESL
eng	wn	EFL
hwc	sn	Hawaiian Creole English
# Pseudo code for formal languages
qqq	sn	formal language
qqq	sn	query language
qqq	sn	database language
qqq	sn	programming language
qqq	sn	machine language
qqq	sn	assembly language
qqq	sn	descriptor language
qqq	sn	tag language
qqq	sn	markup language
qqq	sn	artificial language
qqq	sn	equational language
qqq	sn	information language
qqq	sn	declarative language
qqq	sn	procedural language
qqq	sn	object-oriented language
qqq	sn	high-level language
qqq	sn	formal languages
qqq	sn	query languages
qqq	sn	database languages
qqq	sn	programming languages
qqq	sn	machine languages
qqq	sn	assembly languages
qqq	sn	descriptor languages
qqq	sn	tag languages
qqq	sn	markup languages
qqq	sn	artificial languages
qqq	sn	equational languages
qqq	sn	information languages
qqq	sn	declarative languages
qqq	sn	procedural languages
qqq	sn	object-oriented languages
qqq	sn	high-level languages
# Grammar types
qqq	sn	regular language
qqq	sn	finite-state language
qqq	sn	context-free language
qqq	sn	context-sensitive language
qqq	sn	sequential language
qqq	sn	linear language
qqq	sn	LL-regular language
qqq	sn	LL language
qqq	sn	LL(1) language
qqq	sn	LL(k) language
qqq	sn	LR language
qqq	sn	LR(1) language
qqq	sn	LR(k) language
qqq	sn	LALR language
qqq	sn	LALR(1) language
qqq	sn	LALR(k) language
qqq	sn	regular grammar
qqq	sn	finite-state grammar
qqq	sn	context-free grammar
qqq	sn	context-sensitive grammar
qqq	sn	sequential grammar
qqq	sn	linear grammar
qqq	sn	LL-regular grammar
qqq	sn	LL grammar
qqq	sn	LL(1) grammar
qqq	sn	LL(k) grammar
qqq	sn	LR grammar
qqq	sn	LR(1) grammar
qqq	sn	LR(k) grammar
qqq	sn	LALR grammar
qqq	sn	LALR(1) grammar
qqq	sn	LALR(k) grammar
qqq	sn	regular languages
qqq	sn	finite-state languages
qqq	sn	context-free languages
qqq	sn	context-sensitive languages
qqq	sn	sequential languages
qqq	sn	linear languages
qqq	sn	LL-regular languages
qqq	sn	LL languages
qqq	sn	LL(1) languages
qqq	sn	LL(k) languages
qqq	sn	LR languages
qqq	sn	LR(1) languages
qqq	sn	LR(k) languages
qqq	sn	LALR languages
qqq	sn	LALR(1) languages
qqq	sn	LALR(k) languages
qqq	sn	regular grammars
qqq	sn	finite-state grammars
qqq	sn	context-free grammars
qqq	sn	context-sensitive grammars
qqq	sn	sequential grammars
qqq	sn	linear grammars
qqq	sn	LL-regular grammars
qqq	sn	LL grammars
qqq	sn	LL(1) grammars
qqq	sn	LL(k) grammars
qqq	sn	LR grammars
qqq	sn	LR(1) grammars
qqq	sn	LR(k) grammars
qqq	sn	LALR grammars
qqq	sn	LALR(1) grammars
qqq	sn	LALR(k) grammars
# Other suspeicious terms
qqq	wn	compiler
qqq	wn	abstract syntax
qqq	wn	machine learning
qqq	wn	intermediate language
qqq	wn	intermediate languages
qqq	wn	computational complexity
qqq	wn	Turing
qqq	wn	automaton
qqq	wn	automata
#Dutch major language names
ara	sn	Arabische taal
zho	sn	Chinese taal
nld	sn	Nederlandse taal
eng	sn	Engels taal
fra	sn	Franse taal
deu	sn	Duitse taal
ell	sn	Griekse taal
heb	sn	Hebreeuwse taal
ita	sn	Italiaanse taal
lat	sn	Latijnse taal
por	sn	Portugese taal
rus	sn	Russische taal
Spa	sn	Spaanse taal
#French
ara	sn	langue arabe
zho	sn	langue chinois
nld	sn	langue néerlandaise
eng	sn	langue anglaise
fra	sn	langue française
deu	sn	langue allemande
ell	sn	langue grecque
heb	sn	langue hébraïque
ita	sn	langue italienne
lat	sn	langue latine
por	sn	langue portugaise
rus	sn	langue russe
spa	sn	langue espagnole
#German
ara	sn	arabischen Sprache
zho	sn	chinesische Sprache
nld	sn	niederländischer Sprache
eng	sn	englischer Sprache
fra	sn	Französisch Sprache
deu	sn	deutschen Sprache
ell	sn	griechischer Sprache
heb	sn	hebräischen Sprache
ita	sn	italienischen Sprache
lat	sn	lateinische Sprache
por	sn	portugiesischer Sprache
rus	sn	russischer Sprache
Spa	sn	spanischen Sprache
#Italian
ara	sn	lingua araba
Zho	sn	lingua cinese
nld	sn	lingua olandese
eng	sn	lingua inglese
fra	sn	lingua francese
deu	sn	lingua tedesca
ell	sn	lingua greca
heb	sn	lingua ebraica
ita	sn	lingua italiana
lat	sn	lingua latina
por	sn	lingua portoghese
rus	sn	lingua russa
spa	sn	lingua spagnola
#Portuguese
ara	sn	língua árabe
zho	sn	língua chinesa
nld	sn	língua holandesa
eng	sn	língua Inglês
fra	sn	língua francesa
deu	sn	língua alemã
ell	sn	língua grega
heb	sn	língua hebraica
ita	sn	língua italiana
lat	sn	língua latina
por	sn	língua Português
rus	sn	língua russo
spa	sn	língua espanhola
ara	sn	idioma árabe
zho	sn	idioma chinesa
nld	sn	idioma holandesa
eng	sn	idioma Inglês
fra	sn	idioma francesa
deu	sn	idioma alemã
ell	sn	idioma grega
heb	sn	idioma hebraica
ita	sn	idioma italiana
lat	sn	idioma latina
por	sn	idioma Português
rus	sn	idioma russo
spa	sn	idioma espanhola
#Spanish
ara	sn	lengua árabe
Zho	sn	lengua chino
nld	sn	lengua holandés
eng	sn	lengua Inglés
fra	sn	lengua francesa
deu	sn	lengua alemana
ell	sn	lengua griega
heb	sn	lengua hebreo
ita	sn	lengua italiana
lat	sn	lengua latina
por	sn	lengua portuguesa
rus	sn	idioma ruso
spa	sn	lengua español
ara	sn	idioma árabe
Zho	sn	idioma chino
nld	sn	idioma holandés
eng	sn	idioma Inglés
fra	sn	idioma francesa
deu	sn	idioma alemana
ell	sn	idioma griega
heb	sn	idioma hebreo
ita	sn	idioma italiana
lat	sn	idioma latina
por	sn	idioma portuguesa
rus	sn	idioma ruso
spa	sn	idioma español