# LCSH data (09-09-2009)		
# Identifier	NameType	NameString
huc	sn	!Xo?
huc	sn	!Xo? language
abx	sn	Abaknon
abx	sn	Abaknon language
aau	sn	Abau
aau	sn	Abau language
abq	sn	Abazin
abq	sn	Abazin language
any	sn	Abe
any	sn	Abe language
aaq	sn	Abenaki
abe	sn	Abenaki
aaq	sn	Abenaki language
abe	sn	Abenaki language
abi	sn	Abidji
abi	sn	Abidji language
axb	sn	Abipon
axb	sn	Abipon language
abk	sn	Abkhaz
abk	sn	Abkhaz language
ccn	sn	Abkhazo-Adyghian languages
abb	sn	Abo
abb	sn	Abo (Cameroon)
abb	sn	Abo language (Cameroon)
adi	sn	Abor
adi	sn	Abor language
abr	sn	Abron
abr	sn	Abron language
abn	sn	Abua
abn	sn	Abua language
abz	sn	Abui
abz	sn	Abui language
mrr	sn	Abujhmaria
mrr	sn	Abujhmaria dialect
abt	sn	Abulas
abt	sn	Abulas language
kgr	sn	Abun
kgr	sn	Abun language
abl	sn	Abung
abl	sn	Abung dialect
abu	sn	Abure
abu	sn	Abure language
ake	sn	Acawai
ake	sn	Acawai language
aca	sn	Achagua
aca	sn	Achagua language
acn	sn	Achang
acn	sn	Achang language
acr	sn	Achi
acr	sn	Achi language
ace	sn	Achinese
ace	sn	Achinese language
acv	sn	Achomawi
acv	sn	Achomawi language
acu	sn	Achuar
acu	sn	Achuar language
ach	sn	Acoli
ach	sn	Acoli language
kjq	sn	Acoma
kjq	sn	Acoma dialect
ada	sn	Adangme
ada	sn	Adangme language
gas	sn	Adiwasi Garasia
gas	sn	Adiwasi Garasia language
ort	sn	Adiwasi Oriya
ort	sn	Adiwasi Oriya language
adt	sn	Adnyamathanha
adt	sn	Adnyamathanha language
dma	sn	Aduma
dma	sn	Aduma language
ady	sn	Adygei
ady	sn	Adygei language
adj	sn	Adyukru
adj	sn	Adyukru language
kat	sn	Adzhar
kat	sn	Adzhar dialect
awi	sn	Aekyom
awi	sn	Aekyom language
grc	sn	Aeolic Greek
grc	sn	Aeolic Greek dialect
aal	sn	Afade
aal	sn	Afade dialect
aar	sn	Afar
aar	sn	Afar language
afh	sn	Afrihili
afh	sn	Afrihili (Artificial language)
afr	sn	Afrikaans
afr	sn	Afrikaans language
afa	sn	Afroasiatic languages
azb	sn	Afshar
azb	sn	Afshar dialect
agd	sn	Agarabe
agd	sn	Agarabe language
awn	sn	Agau
awn	sn	Agau language
agq	sn	Aghem
agq	sn	Aghem language
esu	sn	Aglemiut
esu	sn	Aglemiut dialect
knn	sn	Agri
knn	sn	Agri dialect
agt	sn	Agta
agt	sn	Agta language
agr	sn	Aguaruna
agr	sn	Aguaruna dialect
agx	sn	Agul
agx	sn	Agul language
msm	sn	Agusan Manobo
msm	sn	Agusan Manobo language
agn	sn	Agutaynon
agn	sn	Agutaynon language
aha	sn	Ahanta
aha	sn	Ahanta language
ahr	sn	Ahirani
ahr	sn	Ahirani language
ahi	sn	Ahizi
ahm	sn	Ahizi
ahp	sn	Ahizi
ahi	sn	Ahizi language
ahm	sn	Ahizi language
ahp	sn	Ahizi language
aho	sn	Ahom
aho	sn	Ahom language
cnk	sn	Ahraing Khumi
cnk	sn	Ahraing Khumi dialect
aht	sn	Ahtena
aht	sn	Ahtena language
ajg	sn	Aja (Benin and Togo)
aja	sn	Aja (Sudan)
ajg	sn	Aja language (Benin and Togo)
aja	sn	Aja language (Sudan)
aji	sn	Ajie
aji	sn	Ajie language
axk	sn	Aka
axk	sn	Aka (Central African Republic)
axk	sn	Aka language (Central African Republic)
aka	sn	Akan
aka	sn	Akan language
knj	sn	Akatek
knj	sn	Akatek language
tsr	sn	Akei
tsr	sn	Akei language
cop	sn	Akhmimic
cop	sn	Akhmimic dialect
akv	sn	Akhwakh
akv	sn	Akhwakh language
kvr	sn	Akit
kvr	sn	Akit dialect
che	sn	Akka
che	sn	Akka dialect
akk	sn	Akkadian
akk	sn	Akkadian language
akl	sn	Aklanon
akl	sn	Aklanon language
akz	sn	Alabama
akz	sn	Alabama language
alc	sn	Alacaluf
alc	sn	Alacaluf language
ald	sn	Aladian
ald	sn	Aladian language
amp	sn	Alamblak
amp	sn	Alamblak language
alj	sn	Alangan
alj	sn	Alangan language
btz	sn	Alas
btz	sn	Alas dialect
alh	sn	Alawa
alh	sn	Alawa language
sqi	sn	Albanian
sqi	sn	Albanian language
gsw	sn	Alemannic dialects
ale	sn	Aleut
ale	sn	Aleut language
alg	sn	Algonquian languages
alq	sn	Algonquin
alq	sn	Algonquin language
aes	sn	Alsea
aes	sn	Alsea language
alt	sn	Altai
atv	sn	Altai
alt	sn	Altai language
atv	sn	Altai language
tut	sn	Altaic languages
xua	sn	Alu Kurumba
xua	sn	Alu Kurumba language
alp	sn	Alune
alp	sn	Alune language
alz	sn	Alur
alz	sn	Alur language
alr	sn	Alutor
alr	sn	Alutor language
aly	sn	Alyawarra
aly	sn	Alyawarra language
amm	sn	Ama (Papua New Guinea)
amm	sn	Ama language (Papua New Guinea)
amc	sn	Amahuaca
amc	sn	Amahuaca language
amn	sn	Amanab
amn	sn	Amanab language
amg	sn	Amarag
amg	sn	Amarag language
amk	sn	Ambai
amk	sn	Ambai language
leb	sn	Ambo (Zambia)
leb	sn	Ambo dialect (Zambia)
abs	sn	Ambonese Malay
abs	sn	Ambonese Malay dialect
mmg	sn	Ambrym
tvk	sn	Ambrym
mmg	sn	Ambrym language
tvk	sn	Ambrym language
adx	sn	Amdo
adx	sn	Amdo dialect
aey	sn	Amele
aey	sn	Amele language
ase	sn	American Sign
ase	sn	American Sign Language
ifa	sn	Amganad Ifugao
ifa	sn	Amganad Ifugao dialect
amh	sn	Amharic
amh	sn	Amharic language
amy	sn	Ami (Australia)
amy	sn	Ami language (Australia)
ciw	sn	Amikwa
ciw	sn	Amikwa language
ami	sn	Amis
ami	sn	Amis language
kal	sn	Ammassalimiut
kal	sn	Ammassalimiut dialect
apz	sn	Ampale
apz	sn	Ampale language
ame	sn	Amuesha
ame	sn	Amuesha language
amu	sn	Amuzgo
azg	sn	Amuzgo
azm	sn	Amuzgo
amu	sn	Amuzgo language
azg	sn	Amuzgo language
azm	sn	Amuzgo language
akg	sn	Anakalang
akg	sn	Anakalang dialect
anm	sn	Anal
anm	sn	Anal language
xmk	sn	Ancient Macedonian
ano	sn	Andoque
ano	sn	Andoque language
aty	sn	Aneityum
aty	sn	Aneityum language
anz	sn	Anem
anz	sn	Anem language
aby	sn	Aneme Wake
aby	sn	Aneme Wake language
ane	sn	Anesu
ane	sn	Anesu language
akh	sn	Angal Heneng
akh	sn	Angal Heneng language
njm	sn	Angami
njm	sn	Angami language
anc	sn	Angas
anc	sn	Angas language
agg	sn	Anggor
agg	sn	Anggor language
anp	sn	Angika
anp	sn	Angika language
akb	sn	Angkola
akb	sn	Angkola dialect
xno	sn	Anglo-Norman
xno	sn	Anglo-Norman dialect
aid	sn	Anguthimri
lnj	sn	Anguthimri
aid	sn	Anguthimri language
lnj	sn	Anguthimri language
aoi	sn	Anindilyakwa
aoi	sn	Anindilyakwa language
aak	sn	Ankave
aak	sn	Ankave language
amx	sn	Anmatyerre
amx	sn	Anmatyerre language
fab	sn	Annobon
fab	sn	Annobon dialect
bjq	sn	Antaisaka
bjq	sn	Antaisaka dialect
tdx	sn	Antandroy
tdx	sn	Antandroy dialect
anu	sn	Anuak
anu	sn	Anuak language
cko	sn	Anufo
cko	sn	Anufo dialect
aud	sn	Anuta
aud	sn	Anuta language
ken	sn	Anyang
ken	sn	Anyang language
any	sn	Anyi
any	sn	Anyi language
njo	sn	Ao
njo	sn	Ao language
aom	sn	Aomie
aom	sn	Aomie language
apa	sn	Apache languages
xap	sn	Apalachee
xap	sn	Apalachee language
apy	sn	Apalai
apy	sn	Apalai language
apt	sn	Apatani
apt	sn	Apatani language
app	sn	Apma
app	sn	Apma language
ard	sn	Arabana
ard	sn	Arabana language
arl	sn	Arabela
arl	sn	Arabela language
ara	sn	Arabic
ara	sn	Arabic language
arg	sn	Aragonese
arg	sn	Aragonese language
rki	sn	Arakanese
rki	sn	Arakanese language
akr	sn	Araki
akr	sn	Araki language
arc	sn	Aramaic
arc	sn	Aramaic language
aro	sn	Araona
aro	sn	Araona language
arp	sn	Arapaho
arp	sn	Arapaho language
hug	sn	Arasa
hug	sn	Arasa language
arw	sn	Arawak
arw	sn	Arawak language
awd	sn	Arawakan languages
arv	sn	Arbore
arv	sn	Arbore language
aqc	sn	Archi
aqc	sn	Archi language
pka	sn	Ardhamagadhi
pka	sn	Ardhamagadhi language
mar	sn	Are
mar	sn	Are dialect
alu	sn	Areare
alu	sn	Areare language
aoc	sn	Arecuna
aoc	sn	Arecuna dialect
gae	sn	Arekena
gae	sn	Arekena language
agj	sn	Argobba
agj	sn	Argobba language
laz	sn	Aribwatsa
laz	sn	Aribwatsa language
ari	sn	Arikara
ari	sn	Arikara language
hye	sn	Armenian
hye	sn	Armenian language
xcl	sn	"Armenian language, Classical"
hye	sn	"Armenian language, Modern"
axm	sn	"Armenian, Middle"
rup	sn	Aromanian
rup	sn	Aromanian dialect
apr	sn	Arop-Lokep
apr	sn	Arop-Lokep language
aia	sn	Arosi
aia	sn	Arosi language
aso	sn	Asaro
aso	sn	Asaro language
asl	sn	Asilulu
asl	sn	Asilulu language
asc	sn	Asmat
asy	sn	Asmat
cns	sn	Asmat
nks	sn	Asmat
asc	sn	Asmat language
asy	sn	Asmat language
cns	sn	Asmat language
nks	sn	Asmat language
asm	sn	Assamese
asm	sn	Assamese language
asb	sn	Assiniboine
asb	sn	Assiniboine dialect
ppt	sn	Asu
ppt	sn	Asu language
asr	sn	Asuri
asr	sn	Asuri language
atd	sn	Ata Manobo
atd	sn	Ata Manobo language
kuz	sn	Atacameno
kuz	sn	Atacameno language
aqp	sn	Atakapa
aqp	sn	Atakapa language
tay	sn	Atayal
tay	sn	Atayal language
upv	sn	Atchin
upv	sn	Atchin language
ath	sn	Athapascan languages
aph	sn	Athpare
aph	sn	Athpare language
atj	sn	Atikamekw
atj	sn	Atikamekw language
bld	sn	Atinggola
bld	sn	Atinggola language
epi	sn	Atisa
epi	sn	Atisa language
adz	sn	Atsera
adz	sn	Atsera language
ats	sn	Atsina
ats	sn	Atsina language
atw	sn	Atsugewi
atw	sn	Atsugewi language
att	sn	Atta
att	sn	Atta language
grc	sn	Attic Greek
grc	sn	Attic Greek dialect
ati	sn	Attie
ati	sn	ttie language
avt	sn	Au
avt	sn	Au language
aul	sn	Aulua
aul	sn	Aulua language
aus	sn	Australian languages
asf	sn	Australian Sign
asf	sn	Australian Sign Language
aav	sn	Austroasiatic languages
map	sn	Austronesian languages
kze	sn	Auyana
kze	sn	Auyana language
pka	sn	Avahattha
pka	sn	Avahattha language
ava	sn	Avaric
ava	sn	Avaric language
tmb	sn	Avava
tmb	sn	Avava language
ave	sn	Avestan
ave	sn	Avestan language
avi	sn	Avikam
avi	sn	Avikam language
awb	sn	Awa
awb	sn	"Awa (Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea)"
awb	sn	"Awa language (Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea)"
awk	sn	Awabakal
awk	sn	Awabakal language
awa	sn	Awadhi
awa	sn	Awadhi dialect
agu	sn	Awakateko
agu	sn	Awakateko language
afu	sn	Awutu
afu	sn	Awutu language
ifb	sn	Ayangan Ifugao
ifb	sn	Ayangan Ifugao dialect
nfl	sn	Ayiwo
nfl	sn	Ayiwo language
ayb	sn	Ayizo-gbe
ayb	sn	Ayizo-gbe language
aym	sn	Aymara
aym	sn	Aymara language
sgb	sn	Ayta Anchi Sambal
sgb	sn	Ayta Anchi Sambal dialect
blx	sn	Ayta Mag Indi
blx	sn	Ayta Mag Indi dialect
aze	sn	Azerbaijani
aze	sn	Azerbaijani language
mbf	sn	Baba Malay
mbf	sn	Baba Malay language
bcr	sn	Babine
bcr	sn	Babine language
ast	sn	Bable
ast	sn	Bable dialect
bav	sn	Babungo
bav	sn	Babungo language
bcy	sn	Bacama
bcy	sn	Bacama language
xbc	sn	Bactrian
xbc	sn	Bactrian language
bhz	sn	Bada
bhz	sn	Bada (Indonesia)
bhz	sn	Bada language (Indonesia)
bfq	sn	Badaga
bfq	sn	Badaga dialect
drw	sn	Badakhshani
drw	sn	Badakhshani dialect
hin	sn	Badayuni
hin	sn	Badayuni dialect
bde	sn	Bade
bde	sn	Bade language
pbp	sn	Badyara
pbp	sn	Badyara language
ksf	sn	Bafia
ksf	sn	Bafia language
bfd	sn	Bafut
bfd	sn	Bafut language
bfy	sn	Bagheli
bfy	sn	Bagheli language
bmi	sn	Bagirmi
bmi	sn	Bagirmi language
obo	sn	Bagobo
obo	sn	Bagobo language
bgq	sn	Bagri
bgq	sn	Bagri dialect
kva	sn	Bagulal
kva	sn	Bagulal language
gyi	sn	Bagyele
gyi	sn	Bagyele language
bdw	sn	Baham
bdw	sn	Baham language
bjh	sn	Bahinemo
bjh	sn	Bahinemo language
bhj	sn	Bahing
bhj	sn	Bahing dialect
bdq	sn	Bahnar
bdq	sn	Bahnar language
bca	sn	Bai
bca	sn	Bai (China)
bca	sn	Bai language (China)
bqh	sn	Baima
bqh	sn	Baima language
byx	sn	Baining
byx	sn	Baining language
bsw	sn	Baiso
bsw	sn	Baiso language
nep	sn	Baitadi
nep	sn	Baitadi dialect
bdl	sn	Bajau
bdl	sn	Bajau language
bhj	sn	Bajjika
bhj	sn	Bajjika language
bdh	sn	Baka
bdh	sn	Baka (Sudan)
bkc	sn	Baka (Cameroon and Gabon)
bdh	sn	Baka language
bkc	sn	Baka language (Cameroon and Gabon)
bkq	sn	Bakairi
bkq	sn	Bakairi language
bqi	sn	Bakhtiari
bqi	sn	Bakhtiari language
bki	sn	Baki
bki	sn	Baki language
bss	sn	Bakossi
bss	sn	Bakossi dialect
bkr	sn	Bakumpai
bkr	sn	Bakumpai dialect
bdu	sn	Bakundu
bdu	sn	Bakundu dialect
bdu	sn	Bakundu-Balue
bdu	sn	Bakundu-Balue language
bjw	sn	Bakwe?
bjw	sn	Bakwe? language
bls	sn	Balaesang
bls	sn	Balaesang language
blw	sn	Balangao
blw	sn	Balangao language
sse	sn	Balangingi?
sse	sn	Balangingi? dialect
blz	sn	Balantak
blz	sn	Balantak language
ble	sn	Balante
ble	sn	Balante language
ban	sn	Balinese
ban	sn	Balinese language
bwt	sn	Balong
bwt	sn	Balong language
bft	sn	Balti
bft	sn	Balti language
bat	sn	Baltic languages
bal	sn	Baluchi
bal	sn	Baluchi language
bam	sn	Bambara
bam	sn	Bambara language
baa	sn	Bambatana
baa	sn	Bambatana language
bai	sn	Bamileke languages
bcf	sn	Bamu River
bcf	sn	Bamu River language
bax	sn	Bamun
bax	sn	Bamun language
liy	sn	Banda (Central Africa)
bnd	sn	Banda (Indonesia)
liy	sn	Banda language (Central Africa)
bnd	sn	Banda language (Indonesia)
bdy	sn	Bandjalang
bdy	sn	Bandjalang language
bbj	sn	Bandjoun
bbj	sn	Bandjoun language
bgc	sn	Bangaru
bgc	sn	Bangaru dialect
bgz	sn	Banggai
bgz	sn	Banggai language
bgj	sn	Bangolan
bgj	sn	Bangolan language
bnx	sn	Bangubangu
bnx	sn	Bangubangu language
nwe	sn	Bangwa
nwe	sn	Bangwa language
bwi	sn	Baniwa
bwi	sn	Baniwa language
bjn	sn	Banjar Hulu
bjn	sn	Banjar Hulu dialect
bjn	sn	Banjarese
bjn	sn	Banjarese language
bcm	sn	Banoni
bcm	sn	Banoni language
bap	sn	Bantawa
bap	sn	Bantawa language
jav	sn	Banten
jav	sn	Banten dialect
bno	sn	Banton
bno	sn	Banton language
bnt	sn	Bantu languages
pnw	sn	Banyjima
pnw	sn	Banyjima language
gbg	sn	Banziri
gbg	sn	Banziri language
bhr	sn	Bara (Madagascar)
bhr	sn	Bara dialect (Madagascar)
bbb	sn	Barai
bbb	sn	Barai language
brd	sn	Baram
brd	sn	Baram language
brm	sn	Barambu
brm	sn	Barambu language
bao	sn	Barasana del Norte
bao	sn	Barasana del Norte language
bsn	sn	Barasana del Sur
bsn	sn	Barasana del Sur language
bcj	sn	Bardi
bcj	sn	Bardi language
bae	sn	Bare?
bae	sn	Bare? language
pmf	sn	Baree?
pmf	sn	Baree? dialect
bfa	sn	Bari
bfa	sn	Bari language
bch	sn	Bariai
bch	sn	Bariai language
bba	sn	Bariba
bba	sn	Bariba language
kuy	sn	Barkindji
kuy	sn	Barkindji language
bjb	sn	Barngarla
bjb	sn	Barngarla language
sgh	sn	Bartang
sgh	sn	Bartang dialect
byr	sn	Baruya
byr	sn	Baruya language
bas	sn	Basa
bas	sn	Basa language
bdb	sn	Basap
bdb	sn	Basap language
bsh	sn	Bashgali
bsh	sn	Bashgali language
bak	sn	Bashkir
bak	sn	Bashkir language
bst	sn	Basketo
bst	sn	Basketo language
eus	sn	Basque
eus	sn	Basque language
bsq	sn	Bassa
bsq	sn	Bassa (Liberia and Sierra Leone)
bsq	sn	Bassa language (Liberia and Sierra Leone)
bsc	sn	Bassari
bsc	sn	Bassari language
bta	sn	Bata
bta	sn	Bata language
ifb	sn	Batad Ifugao
ifb	sn	Batad Ifugao dialect
bya	sn	Batak
bya	sn	Batak language
btc	sn	Bati
btc	sn	Bati language
bbl	sn	Bats
bbl	sn	Bats language
sne	sn	Bau-Jagoi
sne	sn	Bau-Jagoi dialect
bci	sn	Baule
bci	sn	Baule language
brg	sn	Baure?
brg	sn	Baure? language
bxa	sn	Bauro
bxa	sn	Bauro language
bvz	sn	Bauzi
bvz	sn	Bauzi language
ibx	sn	Bawo
lbx	sn	Bawo (Indonesia)
lbx	sn	Bawo language (Indonesia)
duq	sn	Bayan
duq	sn	Bayan language
bxj	sn	Bayungu
bxj	sn	Bayungu language
onb	sn	Be
onb	sn	Be language
oci	sn	Be?arnais
oci	sn	Be?arnais dialect
kan	sn	Beary
kan	sn	Beary dialect
beb	sn	Bebele
beb	sn	Bebele language
tnr	sn	Bedik
tnr	sn	Bedik language
dbj	sn	Begak
dbj	sn	Begak dialect
bej	sn	Beja
bej	sn	Beja language
bei	sn	Bekati'
bei	sn	Bekati' language
bkv	sn	Bekwarra
bkv	sn	Bekwarra language
bel	sn	Belarusian
bel	sn	Belarusian language
blc	sn	Bella Coola
blc	sn	Bella Coola language
bem	sn	Bemba
bem	sn	Bemba language
beq	sn	Bembe (Congo (Brazzaville))
bmb	sn	Bembe (Lake Tanganyika)
beq	sn	Bembe language (Congo (Brazzaville))
bmb	sn	Bembe language (Lake Tanganyika)
bef	sn	Benabena
bef	sn	Benabena language
pse	sn	Benakat
pse	sn	Benakat language
bdp	sn	Bende
bdp	sn	Bende language
nhb	sn	Beng
nhb	sn	Beng language
bng	sn	Benga
bng	sn	Benga language
ben	sn	Bengali
ben	sn	Bengali language
bww	sn	Benge
bww	sn	Benge language
pse	sn	Bengkulu
pse	sn	Bengkulu language
bue	sn	Beothuk
bue	sn	Beothuk language
zbc	sn	Berawan
zbe	sn	Berawan
zbw	sn	Berawan
zbc	sn	Berawan language
zbe	sn	Berawan language
zbw	sn	Berawan language
ber	sn	Berber languages
bkl	sn	Berik
bkl	sn	Berik language
wti	sn	Berta
wti	sn	Berta language
pse	sn	Besemah
pse	sn	Besemah dialect
mhe	sn	Besisi
mhe	sn	Besisi language
bew	sn	Betawi
bew	sn	Betawi dialect
byf	sn	Bete
byf	sn	Bete language
plt	sn	Betsileo
plt	sn	Betsileo dialect
bjq	sn	Betsimisaraka
bjq	sn	Betsimisaraka dialect
kap	sn	Bezhta
kap	sn	Bezhta language
bhd	sn	Bhadrawahi
bhd	sn	Bhadrawahi dialect
bhd	sn	Bhalesi
bhd	sn	Bhalesi dialect
bgw	sn	Bhatri
bgw	sn	Bhatri dialect
bhb	sn	Bhili
bhb	sn	Bhili language
bho	sn	Bhojpuri
bho	sn	Bhojpuri language
unr	sn	Bhumij
unr	sn	Bhumij language
bhw	sn	Biak
bhw	sn	Biak language
beh	sn	Biali
beh	sn	Biali language
big	sn	Biangai
big	sn	Biangai language
cmo	sn	Biat
cmo	sn	Biat language
bth	sn	Biatah
bth	sn	Biatah dialect
grc	sn	Biblical Greek
bid	sn	Bidiyo
bid	sn	Bidiyo language
bym	sn	Bidjara
bym	sn	Bidjara language
brj	sn	Bieria
brj	sn	Bieria language
nmb	sn	Big Nambas
nmb	sn	Big Nambas language
bih	sn	Bihari
bih	sn	Bihari language
bjg	sn	Bijago
bjg	sn	Bijago language
rwr	sn	Bikaneri
rwr	sn	Bikaneri dialect
bik	sn	Bikol
bik	sn	Bikol language
bpr	sn	Bilaan
bps	sn	Bilaan
bpr	sn	Bilaan language
bps	sn	Bilaan language
kfs	sn	Bila?spuri?
kfs	sn	Bila?spuri? dialect
bcu	sn	Biliau
bcu	sn	Biliau language
byn	sn	Bilin
byn	sn	Bilin language
bll	sn	Biloxi
bll	sn	Biloxi language
blb	sn	Bilua
blb	sn	Bilua language
bhp	sn	Bimanese
bhp	sn	Bimanese language
bhl	sn	Bimin
bhl	sn	Bimin language
bhg	sn	Binandere
bhg	sn	Binandere language
bhq	sn	Binongko
bhq	sn	Binongko dialect
bne	sn	Bintauna
bne	sn	Bintauna language
bkd	sn	Binukid Manobo
bkd	sn	Binukid Manobo language
bjr	sn	Binumarien
bjr	sn	Binumarien language
biy	sn	Birhor
biy	sn	Birhor dialect
bzr	sn	Biri
bzr	sn	Biri (Australia)
bzr	sn	Biri language (Australia)
bfo	sn	Birifor
biv	sn	Birifor
bfo	sn	Birifor language
biv	sn	Birifor language
bom	sn	Birom
bom	sn	Birom language
bvq	sn	Birri
bvq	sn	Birri language
leb	sn	Bisa
leb	sn	Bisa language
bpy	sn	Bishnupuriya
bpy	sn	Bishnupuriya dialect
nmg	sn	Bisio
nmg	sn	Bisio language
bis	sn	Bislama
bis	sn	Bislama language
bir	sn	Bisorio
bir	sn	Bisorio language
hea	sn	Black Hmong
hea	sn	Black Hmong dialect
blt	sn	Black Tai
blt	sn	Black Tai language
beu	sn	Blagar
beu	sn	Blagar language
blr	sn	Blang
blr	sn	Blang language
bni	sn	Bobangi
bni	sn	Bobangi language
bbo	sn	Bobo Fing
bbo	sn	Bobo Fing language
csi	sn	Bodega Miwok
csi	sn	Bodega Miwok language
brx	sn	Bodo
brx	sn	Bodo language
cop	sn	Bohairic
cop	sn	Bohairic dialect
bzf	sn	Boiken
bzf	sn	Boiken language
adi	sn	Bokar
adi	sn	Bokar language
mog	sn	Bolaang Mongondow
mog	sn	Bolaang Mongondow language
bol	sn	Bole
bol	sn	Bole language
bli	sn	Bolia
bli	sn	Bolia language
smk	sn	Bolinao
smk	sn	Bolinao dialect
blj	sn	Bolongan
blj	sn	Bolongan language
boj	sn	Bom
boj	sn	Bom language
boh	sn	Boma (Congo)
boh	sn	Boma language (Congo)
zmx	sn	Bomitaba
zmx	sn	Bomitaba language
peh	sn	Bonan
peh	sn	Bonan language
bfw	sn	Bonda
bfw	sn	Bonda language
bou	sn	Bondei
bou	sn	Bondei language
bot	sn	Bongo
bot	sn	Bongo language
bpu	sn	Bongu
bpu	sn	Bongu language
djk	sn	Boni (French Guiana and Suriname)
bob	sn	Boni (Kenya and Somalia)
djk	sn	Boni dialect (French Guiana and Suriname)
bob	sn	Boni language (Kenya and Somalia)
bmq	sn	Boomu
bmq	sn	Boomu dialect
dks	sn	Bor (Dinka)
bxb	sn	Bor (Lwo)
dks	sn	Bor dialect (Dinka)
bxb	sn	Bor language (Lwo)
boa	sn	Bora
boa	sn	Bora language
gax	sn	Boran
gax	sn	Boran dialect
adi	sn	Bori
adi	sn	Bori language
bor	sn	Bororo (Brazil)
fuv	sn	Bororo (West Africa)
fuv	sn	Bororo dialect (West Africa)
bor	sn	Bororo language (Brazil)
brn	sn	Boruca
brn	sn	Boruca language
bos	sn	Bosnian
bos	sn	Bosnian language
bmj	sn	Bote-Mahi
bmj	sn	Bote-Mahi language
bph	sn	Botlikh
bph	sn	Botlikh language
sbl	sn	Botolan Sambal
sbl	sn	Botolan Sambal dialect
pcc	sn	Bouyei
pcc	sn	Bouyei language
ron	sn	Boyash
ron	sn	Boyash dialect
brh	sn	Brahui
brh	sn	Brahui language
bra	sn	Braj
bra	sn	Braj language
bre	sn	Breton
bre	sn	Breton language
bzd	sn	Bribri
bzd	sn	Bribri dialect
any	sn	Brissa
any	sn	Brissa language
bfi	sn	British Sign
bfi	sn	British Sign Language
bkk	sn	Brokpa
bkk	sn	Brokpa dialect
bru	sn	Bru
brv	sn	Bru
bru	sn	Bru language
brv	sn	Bru language
bzh	sn	Buang
mmo	sn	Buang
bzh	sn	Buang language
mmo	sn	Buang language
bvb	sn	Bube
bvb	sn	Bube language
buw	sn	Bubi (Gabon)
buw	sn	Bubi language (Gabon)
buu	sn	Budu
buu	sn	Budu language
bdk	sn	Budukh
bdk	sn	Budukh language
bdm	sn	Buduma
bdm	sn	Buduma language
bug	sn	Bugis
bug	sn	Bugis language
bgt	sn	Bugotu
bgt	sn	Bugotu language
bgg	sn	Bugun
bgg	sn	Bugun language
buo	sn	Buin
buo	sn	Buin language
sdo	sn	Bukar Sadong
sdo	sn	Bukar Sadong language
buk	sn	Bukawa
buk	sn	Bukawa language
bxk	sn	Bukusu
bxk	sn	Bukusu dialect
bul	sn	Bulgarian
bul	sn	Bulgarian language
bwu	sn	Buli
bwu	sn	Buli language
bum	sn	Bulu
bum	sn	Bulu language
bck	sn	Bunaba
bck	sn	Bunaba language
bfn	sn	Bunak
bfn	sn	Bunak language
bdd	sn	Bunama
bdd	sn	Bunama language
bns	sn	Bundeli
bns	sn	Bundeli dialect
swu	sn	Bune Bonda
swu	sn	Bune Bonda dialect
bkz	sn	Bungku
bkz	sn	Bungku language
bnn	sn	Bunun
bnn	sn	Bunun language
blf	sn	Buol
blf	sn	Buol language
bvr	sn	Burarra
bvr	sn	Burarra language
bua	sn	Buriat
bua	sn	Buriat language
bji	sn	Burji
bji	sn	Burji language
mya	sn	Burmese
mya	sn	Burmese language
mhs	sn	Buru
mhs	sn	Buru language
bmu	sn	Burum
bmu	sn	Burum (Papua New Guinea)
bmu	sn	Burum language (Papua New Guinea)
bds	sn	Burunge
bds	sn	Burunge language
bsk	sn	Burushaski
bsk	sn	Burushaski language
bqp	sn	Busa
bus	sn	Busa
bqp	sn	Busa language
bus	sn	Busa language
buf	sn	Bushoong
buf	sn	Bushoong language
bgk	sn	Buxing
bgk	sn	Buxing anguage
bwd	sn	Bwaidoga
bwd	sn	Bwaidoga language
bww	sn	Bwamu
bww	sn	Bwamu language
bwa	sn	Bwatoo
bwa	sn	Bwatoo language
bee	sn	Byangsi
bee	sn	Byangsi language
cjp	sn	Cabecar
cjp	sn	Cabecar language
cbv	sn	Cacua
cbv	sn	Cacua language
cad	sn	Caddo
cad	sn	Caddo language
cdd	sn	Caddoan languages
kbc	sn	Caduveo
kbc	sn	Caduveo language
chl	sn	Cahuilla
chl	sn	Cahuilla language
kgk	sn	Caingua
kgk	sn	Caingua language
frc	sn	Cajun French
frc	sn	Cajun French dialect
hrv	sn	C?akavian
hrv	sn	C?akavian dialect
cak	sn	Cakchikel
cak	sn	Cakchikel language
caw	sn	Callahuaya
caw	sn	Callahuaya language
rmr	sn	Calo?
rmr	sn	Calo? (Romani)
rmr	sn	Calo? dialect (Romani)
clu	sn	Caluyanun
clu	sn	Caluyanun language
aoc	sn	Camaracoto
aoc	sn	Camaracoto dialect
cni	sn	Campa
cni	sn	Campa language
kbh	sn	Camsa
kbh	sn	Camsa language
cam	sn	Camuhi
cam	sn	Camuhi language
knm	sn	Canamari
knm	sn	Canamari language (Tucanoan)
quf	sn	Can?ari
quf	sn	Can?ari language
cbu	sn	Candoshi
cbu	sn	Candoshi language
ram	sn	Canella
ram	sn	Canella language
caz	sn	Canichana
caz	sn	Canichana language
yue	sn	Cantonese
yue	sn	Cantonese dialects
mlc	sn	Cao Lan
mlc	sn	Cao Lan language
kaq	sn	Capanahua
kaq	sn	Capanahua language
kea	sn	Cape Verde Creole
kea	sn	Cape Verde Creole dialect
cot	sn	Caquinte
cot	sn	Caquinte language
caq	sn	Car Nicobarese
caq	sn	Car Nicobarese language
cbc	sn	Carapana
cbc	sn	Carapana language (Tucanoan)
xcr	sn	Carian
xcr	sn	Carian language
car	sn	Carib
car	sn	Carib language
cal	sn	Carolinian
cal	sn	Carolinian language
rue	sn	Carpatho-Rusyn
rue	sn	Carpatho-Rusyn language
crx	sn	Carrier
crx	sn	Carrier language
cbr	sn	Cashibo
cbr	sn	Cashibo language
cbs	sn	Cashinawa
cbs	sn	Cashinawa language
cat	sn	Catalan
cat	sn	Catalan language
chc	sn	Catawba
chc	sn	Catawba language
cto	sn	Catio
cto	sn	Catio language
cau	sn	Caucasian languages
jqr	sn	Cauqui
jqr	sn	Cauqui language
cav	sn	Cavinen?o
cav	sn	Cavinen?o language
cbi	sn	Cayapa
cbi	sn	Cayapa language
txu	sn	Cayapo
txu	sn	Cayapo language
cay	sn	Cayuga
cay	sn	Cayuga language
cyb	sn	Cayuvava
cyb	sn	Cayuvava language
ceb	sn	Cebuano
ceb	sn	Cebuano language
xce	sn	Celtiberian
xce	sn	Celtiberian language
cel	sn	Celtic languages
bnc	sn	Central Bontoc
bnc	sn	Central Bontoc dialect
cmo	sn	Central Mnong
cmo	sn	Central Mnong language
poo	sn	Central Pomo
poo	sn	Central Pomo language
sml	sn	Central Sama
sml	sn	Central Sama language
syb	sn	Central Subanen
syb	sn	Central Subanen dialect
csu	sn	Central Sudanic languages
esu	sn	Central Yupik
esu	sn	Central Yupik language
cme	sn	Cerma
cme	sn	Cerma language
cbk	sn	Chabacano
cbk	sn	Chabacano language
cao	sn	Chacobo
cao	sn	Chacobo language
cdc	sn	Chadic languages
chg	sn	Chagatai
chg	sn	Chagatai language
sgw	sn	Chaha
sgw	sn	Chaha dialect
mvf	sn	Chahar
mvf	sn	Chahar dialect
nri	sn	Chakhesang
nri	sn	Chakhesang language
ccp	sn	Chakma
ccp	sn	Chakma language
atv	sn	Chalkandu
atv	sn	Chalkandu dialect
cja	sn	Cham
cjm	sn	Cham
cja	sn	Cham language
cjm	sn	Cham language
ceg	sn	Chamacoco
ceg	sn	Chamacoco language
cji	sn	Chamalal
cji	sn	Chamalal language
ccg	sn	Chamba Daka
ccg	sn	Chamba Daka language
lae	sn	Chamba Lahul?i
lae	sn	Chamba Lahul?i dialect
cdh	sn	Chambiali
cdh	sn	Chambiali language
can	sn	Chambri
can	sn	Chambri language
cmi	sn	Chami?
cmi	sn	Chami? language
cmc	sn	Chamic languages
ccc	sn	Chamicuro
ccc	sn	Chamicuro language
rab	sn	Chamling
rab	sn	Chamling language
cha	sn	Chamorro
cha	sn	Chamorro language
nbc	sn	Chang
nbc	sn	Chang language
chx	sn	Chantel
chx	sn	Chantel language
shy	sn	Chaouia
shy	sn	Chaouia language
hne	sn	Chattisgarhi
hne	sn	Chattisgarhi dialect
cbt	sn	Chayahuita
cbt	sn	Chayahuita language
che	sn	Chechen
che	sn	Chechen language
mrn	sn	Cheke Holo
mrn	sn	Cheke Holo language
ute	sn	Chemehuevi
ute	sn	Chemehuevi language
ady	sn	Chemgui
ady	sn	Chemgui dialect
cdm	sn	Chepang
cdm	sn	Chepang language
chr	sn	Cherokee
chr	sn	Cherokee language
arg	sn	Cheso
arg	sn	Cheso dialect
nya	sn	Chewa
nya	sn	Chewa dialect
chy	sn	Cheyenne
chy	sn	Cheyenne language
cip	sn	Chiapanec
cip	sn	Chiapanec language
chb	sn	Chibcha
chb	sn	Chibcha language
cba	sn	Chibchan languages
cic	sn	Chickasaw
cic	sn	Chickasaw language
cgg	sn	Chiga
cgg	sn	Chiga language
csg	sn	Chilean Sign
csg	sn	Chilean Sign Language
hur	sn	Chilliwack
hur	sn	Chilliwack dialect
cas	sn	Chimane
cas	sn	Chimane language
cid	sn	Chimariko
cid	sn	Chimariko language
cih	sn	Chinali
cih	sn	Chinali dialect
cnb	sn	Chinbon
cnb	sn	Chinbon language
zho	sn	Chinese
zho	sn	Chinese language
csl	sn	Chinese Sign
csl	sn	Chinese Sign Language
jiu	sn	Chino
jiy	sn	Chino
jiu	sn	Chino language
jiy	sn	Chino language
chh	sn	Chinook
chh	sn	Chinook language
cap	sn	Chipaya
cap	sn	Chipaya language
chp	sn	Chipewyan
chp	sn	Chipewyan language
cax	sn	Chiquito
cax	sn	Chiquito language
apm	sn	Chiricahua
apm	sn	Chiricahua language
gui	sn	Chiriguano
gui	sn	Chiriguano language
nhd	sn	Chiripa?
nhd	sn	Chiripa? dialect
gom	sn	Chitapavani
gom	sn	Chitapavani dialect
ctm	sn	Chitimacha
ctm	sn	Chitimacha language
coz	sn	Chocho
coz	sn	Chocho language
cho	sn	Choctaw
cho	sn	Choctaw language
cjk	sn	Chokwe
cjk	sn	Chokwe language
ctu	sn	Chol
ctu	sn	Chol language
cht	sn	Cholon
cht	sn	Cholon language
chd	sn	Chontal
clo	sn	Chontal
chd	sn	Chontal language
clo	sn	Chontal language
cuj	sn	Chontaquiro
cuj	sn	Chontaquiro language
cce	sn	Chopi
cce	sn	Chopi language
crt	sn	Choroti
crt	sn	Choroti language
caa	sn	Chorti
caa	sn	Chorti language
nct	sn	Chothe Naga
nct	sn	Chothe Naga language
crw	sn	Chrau
crw	sn	Chrau language
cjv	sn	Chuave
cjv	sn	Chuave language
ems	sn	Chugach
ems	sn	Chugach dialect
cac	sn	Chuj
cac	sn	Chuj language
ckt	sn	Chukchi
ckt	sn	Chukchi language
cag	sn	Chulupi?
cag	sn	Chulupi? language
clw	sn	Chulym
clw	sn	Chulym language
chs	sn	Chumash
chs	sn	Chumash language
chu	sn	Church Slavic
chu	sn	Church Slavic language
chk	sn	Chuukese
chk	sn	Chuukese language
chv	sn	Chuvash
chv	sn	Chuvash language
chw	sn	Chuwabo
chw	sn	Chuwabo language
cia	sn	Cia-cia
cia	sn	Cia-cia language
swh	sn	Cifundi
swh	sn	Cifundi dialect
cim	sn	Cimbrian
cim	sn	Cimbrian language
sun	sn	Cirebon
sun	sn	Cirebon dialect
clm	sn	Clallam
clm	sn	Clallam language
xcl	sn	Classical Armenian
xcw	sn	Coahuilteco
xcw	sn	Coahuilteco language
cod	sn	Cocama
cod	sn	Cocama language
coj	sn	Cochimi
coj	sn	Cochimi language
coc	sn	Cocopa
coc	sn	Cocopa language
crd	sn	Coeur d'Alene
crd	sn	Coeur d'Alene language
con	sn	Cofa?n
con	sn	Cofa?n language
cof	sn	Colorado
cof	sn	Colorado language
oka	sn	Colville
oka	sn	Colville dialect
com	sn	Comanche
com	sn	Comanche language
csz	sn	Coos
csz	sn	Coos language
cop	sn	Coptic
cop	sn	Coptic language
coq	sn	Coquille
coq	sn	Coquille language
crn	sn	Cora
crn	sn	Cora language
coe	sn	Coreguaje
coe	sn	Coreguaje language
cor	sn	Cornish
cor	sn	Cornish language
cos	sn	Corsican
cos	sn	Corsican language
csr	sn	Costa Rican Sign
csr	sn	Costa Rican Sign Language
mta	sn	Cotabato Manobo
mta	sn	Cotabato Manobo language
cow	sn	Cowlitz
cow	sn	Cowlitz language
cre	sn	Cree
cre	sn	Cree language
mus	sn	Creek
mus	sn	Creek language
cpe	sn	"Creole dialects, English"
cpf	sn	"Creole dialects, French"
cpp	sn	"Creole dialects, Portuguese"
crh	sn	Crimean Tatar
crh	sn	Crimean Tatar language
pov	sn	Crioulo
pov	sn	Crioulo language
hrv	sn	Croatian
hrv	sn	Croatian language
cro	sn	Crow
cro	sn	Crow language
cua	sn	Cua
cua	sn	Cua language
kwi	sn	Cuaiquer
kwi	sn	Cuaiquer language
cub	sn	Cubeo
cub	sn	Cubeo language
acr	sn	Cubulco Achi
acr	sn	Cubulco Achi Language
cuk	sn	Cueva
cuk	sn	Cueva language
cui	sn	Cuiba
cui	sn	Cuiba language
cut	sn	Cuicatec
cux	sn	Cuicatec
cut	sn	Cuicatec language
cux	sn	Cuicatec language
cul	sn	Culina
cul	sn	Culina language
cuk	sn	Cuna
cuk	sn	Cuna language
cup	sn	Cupen?o
cup	sn	Cupen?o language
esu	sn	Cup?ig
esu	sn	Cup?ig dialect
xcu	sn	Curonian
xcu	sn	Curonian language
kpc	sn	Curripaco
kpc	sn	Curripaco language
cus	sn	Cushitic languages
cyo	sn	Cuyunon
cyo	sn	Cuyunon language
ces	sn	Czech
ces	sn	Czech language
kzf	sn	Daa
kzf	sn	Daa language
dbq	sn	Daba
dbq	sn	Daba (Cameroon and Nigeria)
dbq	sn	Daba language (Cameroon and Nigeria)
dav	sn	Dabida
dav	sn	Dabida dialect
xdc	sn	Dacian
xdc	sn	Dacian language
god	sn	Dadjriwale?
god	sn	Dadjriwale? dialect
dap	sn	Dafla
dap	sn	Dafla language
dgz	sn	Daga
dgz	sn	Daga language
dga	sn	Dagaare
dgi	sn	Dagaare
dga	sn	Dagaare language
dgi	sn	Dagaare language
dag	sn	Dagbani
dag	sn	Dagbani language
dta	sn	Dagur
dta	sn	Dagur language
dal	sn	Dahalo
dal	sn	Dahalo language
btd	sn	Dairi Pakpak
btd	sn	Dairi Pakpak dialect
dcc	sn	Dakhini
dcc	sn	Dakhini language
dak	sn	Dakota
dak	sn	Dakota language
dlm	sn	Dalmatian
dlm	sn	Dalmatian language (Romance)
mbp	sn	Damana
mbp	sn	Damana language
dms	sn	Dampelasa
dms	sn	Dampelasa language
daf	sn	Dan
daf	sn	Dan (Co?te d'Ivoire)
daf	sn	Dan language (Co?te d'Ivoire)
daa	sn	Dangaleat
daa	sn	Dangaleat language
dna	sn	Dani
dni	sn	Dani
dnt	sn	Dani
dnw	sn	Dani
dna	sn	Dani language
dni	sn	Dani language
dnt	sn	Dani language
dnw	sn	Dani language
dan	sn	Danish
dan	sn	Danish language
dsl	sn	Danish Sign
dsl	sn	Danish Sign Language
sip	sn	Da?njong-ka?
sip	sn	Da?njong-ka? language
dhw	sn	Danuwar Rai
dhw	sn	Danuwar Rai language
dry	sn	Darai
dry	sn	Darai language
dar	sn	Dargwa
dar	sn	Dargwa language
prs	sn	Dari
prs	sn	Dari language
mps	sn	Daribi
mps	sn	Daribi language
drh	sn	Darkhat
drh	sn	Darkhat language
bjy	sn	Darumbal
bjy	sn	Darumbal language
dsh	sn	Dasenech
dsh	sn	Dasenech language
kwa	sn	Da?w
kwa	sn	Da?w language
dww	sn	Dawawa
dww	sn	Dawawa language
dai	sn	Day
dai	sn	Day (Chad)
dai	sn	Day language (Chad)
knx	sn	Dayak
knx	sn	Dayak language
dzd	sn	Dazaga
dzd	sn	Dazaga language
ded	sn	Dedua
ded	sn	Dedua language
ing	sn	Deg Hit'an
ing	sn	Deg Hit'an language
deg	sn	Degema
deg	sn	Degema language
vas	sn	Dehawali
vas	sn	Dehawali dialect
dhv	sn	Dehu
dhv	sn	Dehu language
del	sn	Delaware
del	sn	Delaware language
zlm	sn	Deli
zlm	sn	Deli dialect
khr	sn	Delki Khadia
khr	sn	Delki Khadia dialect
ntr	sn	Delo
ntr	sn	Delo language
tfn	sn	Dena'ina
tfn	sn	Dena'ina language
ddn	sn	Dendi
ddn	sn	Dendi dialect
dez	sn	Dengese
dez	sn	Dengese language
der	sn	Deori
der	sn	Deori language
des	sn	Desana
des	sn	Desana language
bgc	sn	Deswali
bgc	sn	Deswali dialect
dee	sn	Dewoin
dee	sn	Dewoin language
dhl	sn	Dhalandji
dhl	sn	Dhalandji language
tbh	sn	Dharawal
tbh	sn	Dharawal language
ksk	sn	Dhegiha
oma	sn	Dhegiha
osa	sn	Dhegiha
qua	sn	Dhegiha
ksk	sn	Dhegiha language
oma	sn	Dhegiha language
osa	sn	Dhegiha language
qua	sn	Dhegiha language
dhi	sn	Dhimal
dhi	sn	Dhimal dialect
dho	sn	Dhodia
dho	sn	Dhodia dialect
dhu	sn	Dhurga
dhu	sn	Dhurga language
duj	sn	Dhuwal
duj	sn	Dhuwal language
mbd	sn	Dibabawon
mbd	sn	Dibabawon language
dic	sn	Dida
gud	sn	Dida
ney	sn	Dida
dic	sn	Dida language
gud	sn	Dida language
ney	sn	Dida language
did	sn	Didinga
did	sn	Didinga language
ddo	sn	Dido
ddo	sn	Dido language
mhu	sn	Digaro
mhu	sn	Digaro language
dig	sn	Digo
dig	sn	Digo language
bta	sn	Dii
bta	sn	Dii language
dis	sn	Dimasa
dis	sn	Dimasa language
diz	sn	Ding
diz	sn	Ding language
mwr	sn	Dingal
mwr	sn	Dingal language
din	sn	Dinka
din	sn	Dinka language
dyu	sn	Diola
csk	sn	Diola Kasa
csk	sn	Diola Kasa language
dyu	sn	Diola language
diu	sn	Diriku
diu	sn	Diriku language
div	sn	Divehi
div	sn	Divehi language
dif	sn	Diyari
dif	sn	Diyari language
mdx	sn	Dizi
mdx	sn	Dizi language
duj	sn	Djapu
duj	sn	Djapu dialect
ddj	sn	Djaru
ddj	sn	Djaru language
dyi	sn	Djimini
dyi	sn	Djimini language
dji	sn	Djinang
dji	sn	Djinang language
jig	sn	Djingili
jig	sn	Djingili language
dbl	sn	Djirbal
dbl	sn	Djirbal language
djk	sn	Djuka
djk	sn	Djuka language
kvo	sn	Dobel
kvo	sn	Dobel language
dob	sn	Dobu
dob	sn	Dobu language
dos	sn	Dogose?
dos	sn	Dogose? language
dgo	sn	Dogri
dgo	sn	Dogri dialect
dgr	sn	Dogrib
dgr	sn	Dogrib language
ngc	sn	Doko
ngc	sn	Doko (Congo)
ngc	sn	Doko language (Congo)
new	sn	Dolakha
new	sn	Dolakha dialect
dlg	sn	Dolgan
dlg	sn	Dolgan language
dmk	sn	Domaaki
dmk	sn	Domaaki language
dop	sn	Dompago
dop	sn	Dompago dialect
doc	sn	Dong
kmc	sn	Dong
doc	sn	Dong (China)
kmc	sn	Dong (China)
doc	sn	Dong language (China)
kmc	sn	Dong language (China)
kzh	sn	Dongola-Kenuz
kzh	sn	Dongola-Kenuz dialect
sce	sn	Dongxiang
sce	sn	Dongxiang language
grc	sn	Doric Greek
grc	sn	Doric Greek dialect
dow	sn	Doyayo
dow	sn	Doyayo language
dra	sn	Dravidian languages
dua	sn	Duala
dua	sn	Duala language
dud	sn	Dukawa
dud	sn	Dukawa language
dgc	sn	Dumagat (Casiguran)
due	sn	Dumagat (Umirey)
dgc	sn	Dumagat language (Casiguran)
due	sn	Dumagat language (Umirey)
duf	sn	Dumbea
duf	sn	Dumbea language
dus	sn	Dumi
dus	sn	Dumi language
duc	sn	Duna
duc	sn	Duna language
dng	sn	Dungan
dng	sn	Dungan language
duh	sn	Dungra Bhil
duh	sn	Dungra Bhil language
duo	sn	Dupaninan Agta
duo	sn	Dupaninan Agta language
dug	sn	Duruma
dug	sn	Duruma language
dtb	sn	Dusun
kqt	sn	Dusun
kzj	sn	Dusun
dun	sn	Dusun Deyah
dun	sn	Dusun Deyah dialect
dtb	sn	Dusun language
kqt	sn	Dusun language
kzj	sn	Dusun language
nld	sn	Dutch
nld	sn	Dutch language
dse	sn	Dutch Sign
dse	sn	Dutch Sign Language
wkw	sn	Duungidjawu
wkw	sn	Duungidjawu dialect
dya	sn	Dyan
dya	sn	Dyan language
dyu	sn	Dyula
dyu	sn	Dyula language
dzo	sn	Dzongkha
dzo	sn	Dzongkha language
hye	sn	East Armenian
hye	sn	East Armenian dialect
frs	sn	East Frisian
frs	sn	East Frisian dialect
mky	sn	East Makian
mky	sn	East Makian language
wls	sn	East Uvean
wls	sn	East Uvean language
aer	sn	Eastern Arrernte
aer	sn	Eastern Arrernte language
bkb	sn	Eastern Bontoc
bkb	sn	Eastern Bontoc dialect
mng	sn	Eastern Mnong
mng	sn	Eastern Mnong language
peb	sn	Eastern Pomo
peb	sn	Eastern Pomo language
yuy	sn	Eastern Yugur
yuy	sn	Eastern Yugur language
igb	sn	Ebira
igb	sn	Ebira language
xeb	sn	Eblaite
xeb	sn	Eblaite language
bin	sn	Edo
bin	sn	Edo language
etr	sn	Edolo
etr	sn	Edolo language
dbf	sn	Edopi
dbf	sn	Edopi language
erk	sn	Efate
llp	sn	Efate
erk	sn	Efate language
llp	sn	Efate language
efi	sn	Efik
efi	sn	Efik language
ego	sn	Eggon
ego	sn	Eggon language
egy	sn	Egyptian
egy	sn	Egyptian language
eip	sn	Eipo
eip	sn	Eipo language
etu	sn	Ejagham
etu	sn	Ejagham language
eka	sn	Ekajuk
eka	sn	Ekajuk language
lol	sn	Ekonda
lol	sn	Ekonda dialect
ekp	sn	Ekpeye
ekp	sn	Ekpeye language
elx	sn	Elamite
elx	sn	Elamite language
mmw	sn	Emae
mmw	sn	Emae language
ema	sn	Emai
ema	sn	Emai dialect
ema	sn	Emai-Iuleha-Ora
ema	sn	Emai-Iuleha-Ora language
emb	sn	Embaloh
emb	sn	Embaloh language
ebu	sn	Embu
ebu	sn	Embu language
eme	sn	Emerillon
eme	sn	Emerillon language
sux	sn	Emesal
sux	sn	Emesal dialect
enb	sn	Endo
enb	sn	Endo language
enf	sn	Enets
enh	sn	Enets
enf	sn	Enets language
enh	sn	Enets language
enq	sn	Enga
enq	sn	Enga language
enn	sn	Engenni
enn	sn	Engenni language
eno	sn	Enggano
eno	sn	Enggano language
eng	sn	English
cpe	sn	English creole dialects
eng	sn	English language
pse	sn	Enim
pse	sn	Enim dialect
gey	sn	Enya
gey	sn	Enya language
sja	sn	Epena Saija
sja	sn	Epena Saija language
inm	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian
sxa	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian
xha	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian
xhd	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian
xqt	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian
inm	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian language
sxa	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian language
xha	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian language
xhd	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian language
xqt	sn	Epigraphic South Arabian language
erg	sn	Eromanga
erg	sn	Eromanga language
err	sn	Erre
err	sn	Erre language
myv	sn	Erzya
myv	sn	Erzya dialect
ish	sn	Esan
ish	sn	Esan language
ese	sn	Ese Ejja
ese	sn	Ese Ejja language
esq	sn	Esselen
esq	sn	Esselen language
est	sn	Estonian
est	sn	Estonian language
csk	sn	Esu?u?laalu
csk	sn	Esu?u?laalu dialect
ecr	sn	Eteocretan
ecr	sn	Eteocretan language
gez	sn	Ethiopic
gez	sn	Ethiopic language
eto	sn	Eton
eto	sn	Eton (Cameroon)
eto	sn	Eton language (Cameroon)
ett	sn	Etruscan
ett	sn	Etruscan language
ets	sn	Etsako
ets	sn	Etsako language
opt	sn	Eudeve
opt	sn	Eudeve language
eve	sn	Even
eve	sn	Even language
evn	sn	Evenki
evn	sn	Evenki language
ewe	sn	Ewe
ewe	sn	Ewe language
ewo	sn	Ewondo
ewo	sn	Ewondo language
eya	sn	Eyak
eya	sn	Eyak language
izi	sn	Ezaa
izi	sn	Ezaa language
mal	sn	Ezhava
mal	sn	Ezhava dialect
faf	sn	Fagani
faf	sn	Fagani language
fai	sn	Faiwol
fai	sn	Faiwol language
cfm	sn	Falam Chin
cfm	sn	Falam Chin language
fli	sn	Fali
fli	sn	Fali language
xfa	sn	Faliscan
xfa	sn	Faliscan language
fap	sn	Falor
fap	sn	Falor language
fan	sn	Fang
fan	sn	Fang language
fat	sn	Fanti
fat	sn	Fanti language
fao	sn	Faroese
fao	sn	Faroese language
faa	sn	Fasu
faa	sn	Fasu language
ddg	sn	Fataluku
ddg	sn	Fataluku language
bzg	sn	Favorlang
bzg	sn	Favorlang language
fmp	sn	Fe'fe'
fmp	sn	Fe'fe' language
hif	sn	Fiji Hindi
hif	sn	Fiji Hindi language
fij	sn	Fijian
fij	sn	Fijian language
fil	sn	Filipino
fil	sn	Filipino language
fin	sn	Finnish
fin	sn	Finnish language
fiu	sn	Finno-Ugric languages
nlg	sn	Florida
nlg	sn	Florida language
foi	sn	Foi
foi	sn	Foi language
ppo	sn	Folopa
ppo	sn	Folopa language
fon	sn	Fon
fon	sn	Fon dialect
frd	sn	Fordata
frd	sn	Fordata language
for	sn	Fore
for	sn	Fore language
yrk	sn	Forest Nenets
yrk	sn	Forest Nenets dialect
sac	sn	Fox
sac	sn	Fox language
gur	sn	Frafra
gur	sn	Frafra language
oci	sn	Franco-Provenc?al
oci	sn	Franco-Provenc?al dialects
fra	sn	French
cpf	sn	French creole dialects
fra	sn	French language
frr	sn	Frisian
fry	sn	Frisian
frr	sn	Frisian language
fry	sn	Frisian language
fur	sn	Friulian
fur	sn	Friulian dialect
ful	sn	Fula
ful	sn	Fula language
flr	sn	Fuliru
flr	sn	Fuliru language
fun	sn	Fulnio
fun	sn	Fulnio language
fvr	sn	Fur
fvr	sn	Fur language
fuu	sn	Furu
fuu	sn	Furu language
fud	sn	Futuna
fud	sn	Futuna language
fut	sn	Futuna-Aniwa
fut	sn	Futuna-Aniwa language
fuy	sn	Fuyuge
fuy	sn	Fuyuge language
pym	sn	Fyam
pym	sn	Fyam language
gnk	sn	G//ana
gnk	sn	G//ana language
gwj	sn	G/wi
gwj	sn	G/wi language
gaa	sn	Ga?
gaa	sn	Ga? language
gab	sn	Gabri
gab	sn	Gabri language
xgf	sn	Gabrielino
xgf	sn	Gabrielino language
gau	sn	Gadaba (Dravidian)
gbj	sn	Gadaba (Munda)
gau	sn	Gadaba language (Dravidian)
gbj	sn	Gadaba language (Munda)
gad	sn	Gaddang
gad	sn	Gaddang language
ged	sn	Gade
ged	sn	Gade language
gbk	sn	Gadi
gbk	sn	Gadi dialect
gaj	sn	Gadsup
gaj	sn	Gadsup language
gft	sn	Gafat
gft	sn	Gafat language
gbu	sn	Gagadu
gbu	sn	Gagadu language
gag	sn	Gagauz
gag	sn	Gagauz language
ggu	sn	Gagu
ggu	sn	Gagu language
gah	sn	Gahuku
gah	sn	Gahuku language
gbi	sn	Galela
gbi	sn	Galela language
gar	sn	Galeya
gar	sn	Galeya language
glg	sn	Galician
glg	sn	Galician language
adl	sn	Gallong
adl	sn	Gallong language
gal	sn	Galoli
gal	sn	Galoli language
dhg	sn	Galpu
dhg	sn	Galpu language
sba	sn	Gambai
sba	sn	Gambai dialect
gbl	sn	Gamit
gbl	sn	Gamit dialect
gmv	sn	Gamo
gmv	sn	Gamo (Ethiopia)
gmv	sn	Gamo language (Ethiopia)
gan	sn	Gan
gan	sn	Gan (China)
gan	sn	Gan dialects (China)
nso	sn	Gananwa
nso	sn	Gananwa dialect
lug	sn	Ganda
lug	sn	Ganda language
gnb	sn	Gangte
gnb	sn	Gangte language
nba	sn	Ganguela
nba	sn	Ganguela language
pwg	sn	Gapapaiwa
pwg	sn	Gapapaiwa language
gas	sn	Garasiya
gra	sn	Garasiya
gas	sn	Garasiya dialect
gra	sn	Garasiya dialect
gbc	sn	Garawa
gbc	sn	Garawa language
gbm	sn	Garhwali
gbm	sn	Garhwali dialect
cab	sn	Garifuna
cab	sn	Garifuna language
grt	sn	Garo
grt	sn	Garo language
oci	sn	Gascon
oci	sn	Gascon dialect
gaq	sn	Gata'
gaq	sn	Gata' language
kan	sn	Gauda
kan	sn	Gauda dialect
xcg	sn	Gaulish
xtg	sn	Gaulish
xcg	sn	Gaulish language
xtg	sn	Gaulish language
gvp	sn	Gavia?o
gvp	sn	"Gavia?o (Para?, Brazil)"
gvp	sn	"Gavia?o language (Para?, Brazil)"
ubu	sn	Gawigl
ubu	sn	Gawigl language
gyd	sn	Gayardilt
gyd	sn	Gayardilt language
gay	sn	Gayo
gay	sn	Gayo language
gbr	sn	Gbagyi
gbr	sn	Gbagyi language
bza	sn	Gbandi
bza	sn	Gbandi language
gby	sn	Gbari
gby	sn	Gbari language
gba	sn	Gbaya
gba	sn	Gbaya language
mdd	sn	Gbete
mdd	sn	Gbete dialect
gdd	sn	Gedaged
gdd	sn	Gedaged language
drs	sn	Gedeo
drs	sn	Gedeo language
mxj	sn	Geman Deng
mxj	sn	Geman Deng language
gej	sn	Gen-Gbe
gej	sn	Gen-Gbe dialect
kat	sn	Georgian
kat	sn	Georgian language
deu	sn	German
deu	sn	German language
gem	sn	Germanic languages
bdy	sn	Gidabal
bdy	sn	Gidabal dialect
gid	sn	Gidar
gid	sn	Gidar language
glk	sn	Gilaki
glk	sn	Gilaki language
gil	sn	Gilbertese
gil	sn	Gilbertese language
niv	sn	Gilyak
niv	sn	Gilyak language
gim	sn	Gimi
gim	sn	Gimi language
gin	sn	Ginukh
gin	sn	Ginukh language
nyf	sn	Giryama
nyf	sn	Giryama language
gis	sn	Gisiga
giz	sn	Gisiga
gis	sn	Gisiga language
giz	sn	Gisiga language
myx	sn	Gisu
myx	sn	Gisu language
glw	sn	Glavda
glw	sn	Glavda language
gls	sn	Glosa
gls	sn	Glosa (Artificial language)
guc	sn	Goajiro
guc	sn	Goajiro language
god	sn	Godie?
god	sn	Godie? language
gdo	sn	Godoberi
gdo	sn	Godoberi language
ank	sn	Goemai
ank	sn	Goemai language
gog	sn	Gogo
gog	sn	Gogo language
ggw	sn	Gogodala
ggw	sn	Gogodala language
gkn	sn	Gokana
gkn	sn	Gokana language
gol	sn	Gola
gol	sn	Gola language
gvf	sn	Golin
gvf	sn	Golin dialect
bbp	sn	Go?lo
bbp	sn	Go?lo language
gon	sn	Gondi
gon	sn	Gondi language
gjn	sn	Gonja
gjn	sn	Gonja language
kiw	sn	Gope
kiw	sn	Gope dialect
hac	sn	Gorani
hac	sn	Gorani language
gor	sn	Gorontalo
gor	sn	Gorontalo language
got	sn	Gothic
got	sn	Gothic language
grb	sn	Grebo
grb	sn	Grebo language
grc	sn	"Greek language, Biblical"
grc	sn	"Greek language, Hellenistic (300 B.C.-600 A.D.)"
grc	sn	"Greek language, Medieval and late"
uum	sn	Greek Tatar
uum	sn	Greek Tatar language
ell	sn	"Greek,  Modern"
gwx	sn	Gua
gwx	sn	Gua language
guh	sn	Guahibo
guh	sn	Guahibo language
gvc	sn	Guanano
gvc	sn	Guanano language
gnc	sn	Guanche
gnc	sn	Guanche language
grn	sn	Guarani
grn	sn	Guarani language
gyr	sn	Guarayo
gyr	sn	Guarayo language
var	sn	Guariji?o
var	sn	Guariji?o language
gut	sn	Guatuso
gut	sn	Guatuso language
guo	sn	Guayabero
guo	sn	Guayabero language
guq	sn	Guayaki
guq	sn	Guayaki language
gym	sn	Guaymi
gym	sn	Guaymi language
gde	sn	Gude
gde	sn	Gude language
ktd	sn	Gugada
ktd	sn	Gugada dialect
ghs	sn	Guhu-Samane
ghs	sn	Guhu-Samane language
guj	sn	Gujarati
guj	sn	Gujarati language
gju	sn	Gujuri
gju	sn	Gujuri language
gvs	sn	Gumasi
gvs	sn	Gumasi language
gnn	sn	Gumatj
gnn	sn	Gumatj language
gyf	sn	Gungabula
gyf	sn	Gungabula language
guw	sn	Gun-Gbe
guw	sn	Gun-Gbe language
gni	sn	Gunian
gni	sn	Gunian language
yas	sn	Gunu
yas	sn	Gunu language
gup	sn	Gunwinggu
gup	sn	Gunwinggu language
gyy	sn	Gunya
gyy	sn	Gunya language
guf	sn	Gupapuyngu
guf	sn	Gupapuyngu language
gnr	sn	Gureng Gureng
gnr	sn	Gureng Gureng language
kat	sn	Gurian
kat	sn	Gurian dialect
gue	sn	Gurindji
gue	sn	Gurindji language
gux	sn	Gurma
gux	sn	Gurma language
ggn	sn	Gurung
gvr	sn	Gurung
ggn	sn	Gurung language
gvr	sn	Gurung language
guz	sn	Gusii
guz	sn	Gusii language
kky	sn	Guugu Yimithirr
kky	sn	Guugu Yimithirr language
lnu	sn	Guyuk
lnu	sn	Guyuk dialect
dah	sn	Gwahatike
dah	sn	Gwahatike language
gwn	sn	Gwandara
gwn	sn	Gwandara language
gdn	sn	Gwedena
gdn	sn	Gwedena language
gwr	sn	Gwere
gwr	sn	Gwere language
gwi	sn	Gwich'in
gwi	sn	Gwich'in language
jya	sn	Gyarung
jya	sn	Gyarung language
haq	sn	Ha
haq	sn	Ha language
hdy	sn	Hadiya
hdy	sn	Hadiya language
hah	sn	Hahon
hah	sn	Hahon language
hai	sn	Haida
hai	sn	Haida language
has	sn	Haisla
has	sn	Haisla language
cnh	sn	Haka Chin
cnh	sn	Haka Chin language
lad	sn	H?ake?tia
lad	sn	H?ake?tia language
hak	sn	Hakka
hak	sn	Hakka dialects
guj	sn	Halari
guj	sn	Halari dialect
hlb	sn	Halbi
hlb	sn	Halbi language
hla	sn	Halia
hla	sn	Halia language
gaw	sn	Halopa
gaw	sn	Halopa language
dad	sn	Ham
dad	sn	Ham language
hmt	sn	Hamtai
hmt	sn	Hamtai language
hag	sn	Hanga (Ghana)
luy	sn	Hanga (Kenya)
luy	sn	Hanga dialect (Kenya)
hag	sn	Hanga language (Ghana)
han	sn	Hangaza
han	sn	Hangaza language
hni	sn	Hani
hni	sn	Hani language
lml	sn	Hano
lml	sn	Hano language
hnn	sn	Hanuno?o
hnn	sn	Hanuno?o language
har	sn	Harari
har	sn	Harari language
hoj	sn	Harauti
hoj	sn	Harauti language
hro	sn	Haroi
hro	sn	Haroi language
hss	sn	H?arsu?si?
hss	sn	H?arsu?si? language
mey	sn	Hassaniyya
mey	sn	Hassaniyya dialect
had	sn	Hatam
had	sn	Hatam language
xht	sn	Hattic
xht	sn	Hattic language
hau	sn	Hausa
hau	sn	Hausa language
yuf	sn	Havasupai
yuf	sn	Havasupai language
kan	sn	Havyaka
kan	sn	Havyaka dialect
haw	sn	Hawaiian
haw	sn	Hawaiian language
hay	sn	Haya
hay	sn	Haya language
vay	sn	Hayu
vay	sn	Hayu dialect
haz	sn	Hazara
haz	sn	Hazara language
kup	sn	Hazili
kup	sn	Hazili dialect
heb	sn	Hebrew
heb	sn	Hebrew language
hbo	sn	"Hebrew language, Medieval"
hbo	sn	"Hebrew language, Post-Biblical"
hbo	sn	"Hebrew language, Talmudic"
xed	sn	Hedi
xed	sn	Hedi language
heh	sn	Hehe
heh	sn	Hehe language
hei	sn	Heiltsuk
hei	sn	Heiltsuk language
scp	sn	Helambu Sherpa
scp	sn	Helambu Sherpa language
grc	sn	Hellenistic Greek
her	sn	Herero
her	sn	Herero language
hid	sn	Hidatsa
hid	sn	Hidatsa language
mba	sn	Higaonon
mba	sn	Higaonon dialect
hil	sn	Hiligaynon
hil	sn	Hiligaynon language
him	sn	Himachali
him	sn	Himachali language
dhm	sn	Himba
dhm	sn	Himba dialect
xsa	sn	Himyaritic
xsa	sn	Himyaritic language
hin	sn	Hindi
hin	sn	Hindi language
hnd	sn	Hindko?
hno	sn	Hindko?
hnd	sn	Hindko? dialect
hno	sn	Hindko? dialect
hmo	sn	Hiri Motu
hmo	sn	Hiri Motu language
mik	sn	Hitchiti
mik	sn	Hitchiti language
hit	sn	Hittite
hit	sn	Hittite language
hix	sn	Hixkaryana
hix	sn	Hixkaryana language
hmr	sn	Hmar
hmr	sn	Hmar language
hmn	sn	Hmong
hmn	sn	Hmong language
hnj	sn	Hmong Njua
hnj	sn	Hmong Njua dialect
hoc	sn	Ho
hoc	sn	Ho language
hoa	sn	Hoava
hoa	sn	Hoava language
nan	sn	Hokkien
nan	sn	Hokkien dialects
hoo	sn	Holoholo
hoo	sn	Holoholo language
hol	sn	Holu
hol	sn	Holu language
hop	sn	Hopi
hop	sn	Hopi language
poo	sn	Hopland
poo	sn	Hopland dialect
hot	sn	Hote
hot	sn	Hote language
hre	sn	Hre?
hre	sn	Hre? language
ygr	sn	Hua (Papua New Guinea)
ygr	sn	Hua dialect (Papua New Guinea)
hmd	sn	Hua Hmong
hmd	sn	Hua Hmong dialect
lis	sn	Hua Lisu
lis	sn	Hua Lisu dialect
yuf	sn	Hualapai
yuf	sn	Hualapai language
hub	sn	Huambisa
hub	sn	Huambisa language
qvw	sn	Huanca
qvw	sn	Huanca dialect
auc	sn	Huao
auc	sn	Huao language
hus	sn	Huastec
hus	sn	Huastec language
hue	sn	Huave
huv	sn	Huave
hve	sn	Huave
hvv	sn	Huave
hue	sn	Huave language
huv	sn	Huave language
hve	sn	Huave language
hvv	sn	Huave language
hch	sn	Huichol
hch	sn	Huichol language
hul	sn	Hula
hul	sn	Hula language
hui	sn	Huli
hui	sn	Huli language
hke	sn	Hunde
hke	sn	Hunde language
hum	sn	Hungana
hum	sn	Hungana language
hun	sn	Hungarian
hun	sn	Hungarian language
huz	sn	Hunzib
huz	sn	Hunzib language
hup	sn	Hupa
hup	sn	Hupa language
xhu	sn	Hurrian
xhu	sn	Hurrian language
iai	sn	Iai
iai	sn	Iai language
yml	sn	Iamalele
yml	sn	Iamalele language
ian	sn	Iatmul
ian	sn	Iatmul language
ibl	sn	Ibaloi
ibl	sn	Ibaloi language
iba	sn	Iban
iba	sn	Iban language
ibg	sn	Ibanag
ibg	sn	Ibanag language
iby	sn	Ibani
iby	sn	Ibani dialect
xib	sn	Iberian
xib	sn	Iberian language
ibb	sn	Ibibio
ibb	sn	Ibibio language
arh	sn	Ica
arh	sn	Ica language
isl	sn	Icelandic
isl	sn	Icelandic language
icl	sn	Icelandic Sign
icl	sn	Icelandic Sign Language
dbj	sn	Ida'an
dbj	sn	Ida'an language
idd	sn	Idaca
idd	sn	Idaca language
ida	sn	Idakho-Isuhka-Tiriki
ida	sn	Idakho-Isuhka-Tiriki language
idt	sn	Idate?
idt	sn	Idate? language
idu	sn	Idoma
idu	sn	Idoma language
clk	sn	Idu
clk	sn	Idu language
viv	sn	Iduna
viv	sn	Iduna language
ifa	sn	Ifugao
ifb	sn	Ifugao
ifk	sn	Ifugao
ifu	sn	Ifugao
ifa	sn	Ifugao language
ifb	sn	Ifugao language
ifk	sn	Ifugao language
ifu	sn	Ifugao language
igl	sn	Igala
igl	sn	Igala language
ibo	sn	Igbo
ibo	sn	Igbo language
ige	sn	Igede
ige	sn	Igede language
ahl	sn	Igo
ahl	sn	Igo language
ihp	sn	Iha
ihp	sn	Iha language
yor	sn	Ijebu
yor	sn	Ijebu dialect
ijc	sn	Ijo
ijc	sn	Ijo language
ikx	sn	Ik
ikx	sn	Ik language
ikw	sn	Ikwere
ikw	sn	Ikwere language
izi	sn	Ikwo
izi	sn	Ikwo language
ilb	sn	Ila
ilb	sn	Ila language
mbi	sn	Ilianen Manobo
mbi	sn	Ilianen Manobo language
mia	sn	Illinois
mia	sn	Illinois language
ilo	sn	Iloko
ilo	sn	Iloko language
ilk	sn	Ilongot
ilk	sn	Ilongot language
imo	sn	Imbo Ungu
imo	sn	Imbo Ungu language
kat	sn	Imeretian
kat	sn	Imeretian dialect
szp	sn	Inanwatan
szp	sn	Inanwatan language
inp	sn	Inapari
inp	sn	Inapari language
smn	sn	Inari Sami
smn	sn	Inari Sami dialect
ins	sn	Indian sign
ins	sn	Indian sign language
ine	sn	Indo-European languages
iir	sn	Indo-Iranian languages
ind	sn	Indonesian
ind	sn	Indonesian language
inl	sn	Indonesian Sign
inl	sn	Indonesian Sign Language
ins	sn	Indopakistan Sign
pka	sn	Indopakistan Sign
ins	sn	Indopakistan Sign Language
pka	sn	Indopakistan Sign Language
mvy	sn	Indus Kohistani
mvy	sn	Indus Kohistani language
inj	sn	Ingano
inj	sn	Ingano language
tbi	sn	Ingassana
tbi	sn	Ingassana language
kat	sn	Ingilo
kat	sn	Ingilo dialect
izh	sn	Ingrian
izh	sn	Ingrian language
inh	sn	Ingush
inh	sn	Ingush language
ino	sn	Inoke
ino	sn	Inoke language
ior	sn	Inor
ior	sn	Inor dialect
igs	sn	Interglossa
igs	sn	Interglossa (Artificial language)
ile	sn	Interlingue
ile	sn	Interlingue (Artificial language)
iku	sn	Inuktitut
iku	sn	Inuktitut dialect
ipk	sn	Inupiaq
ipk	sn	Inupiaq dialect
ikt	sn	Inuvialuktun
ikt	sn	Inuvialuktun dialect
grc	sn	Ionic Greek
grc	sn	Ionic Greek dialect
iow	sn	Iowa
iow	sn	Iowa language
ipi	sn	Ipili
ipi	sn	Ipili language
apu	sn	Ipurina
apu	sn	Ipurina language
iqu	sn	Iquito
iqu	sn	Iquito language
irh	sn	Irahutu
irh	sn	Irahutu language
ira	sn	Iranian languages
irn	sn	Iranxe
irn	sn	Iranxe language
irk	sn	Iraqw
irk	sn	Iraqw language
gle	sn	Irish
gle	sn	Irish language
iro	sn	Iroquoian languages
iro	sn	Iroquois
iro	sn	Iroquois language
iru	sn	Irula
iru	sn	Irula language
iou	sn	Irumu
iou	sn	Irumu language
sgl	sn	Ishkashmi
sgl	sn	Ishkashmi dialect
inn	sn	Isinay
inn	sn	Isinay language
crb	sn	Island Carib
crb	sn	Island Carib language
tix	sn	Isleta
tix	sn	Isleta language
isd	sn	Isneg
isd	sn	Isneg language
ruo	sn	Istro-Romanian
ruo	sn	Istro-Romanian dialect
ita	sn	Italian
ita	sn	Italian language
ise	sn	Italian Sign
ise	sn	Italian Sign Language
itv	sn	Itawis
itv	sn	Itawis language
ivb	sn	Itbayat
ivb	sn	Itbayat dialect
ite	sn	Itene
ite	sn	Itene language
ito	sn	Itonama
ito	sn	Itonama language
its	sn	Itsekiri
its	sn	Itsekiri language
itz	sn	Itza?
itz	sn	Itza? dialect
ivv	sn	Ivatan
ivv	sn	Ivatan language
ibd	sn	Iwaidja
ibd	sn	Iwaidja language
iwm	sn	Iwam
iwm	sn	Iwam language
ixc	sn	Ixcateco
ixc	sn	Ixcateco language
ixl	sn	Ixil
ixl	sn	Ixil language
izr	sn	Izere
izr	sn	Izere language
izi	sn	Izi
izi	sn	Izi language
grj	sn	Jabo
grj	sn	Jabo language
jac	sn	Jacalteca
jac	sn	Jacalteca language
jah	sn	Jah Hut
jah	sn	Jah Hut language
dhd	sn	Jaipuri?
dhd	sn	Jaipuri? dialect
sjm	sn	Jama Mapun
sjm	sn	Jama Mapun language
min	sn	Jamee
min	sn	Jamee language
yaa	sn	Jaminaua
yaa	sn	Jaminaua language
djm	sn	Jamsay
djm	sn	Jamsay dialect
jpn	sn	Japanese
jpn	sn	Japanese language
jra	sn	Jarai
jra	sn	Jarai language
anq	sn	Jarawa (India)
anq	sn	Jarawa language (India)
jaa	sn	Jarua?ra
jaa	sn	Jarua?ra language
jns	sn	Jaunsari
jns	sn	Jaunsari dialect
jav	sn	Javanese
jav	sn	Javanese language
djn	sn	Jawoyn
djn	sn	Jawoyn language
jbn	sn	Jebel Nefusa
jbn	sn	Jebel Nefusa language
jeh	sn	Jeh
jeh	sn	Jeh language
jhi	sn	Jehai
jhi	sn	Jehai language
jek	sn	Jeli
jek	sn	Jeli language
tow	sn	Jemez
tow	sn	Jemez language
kan	sn	Jenukuruba
kan	sn	Jenukuruba dialect
jee	sn	Jero
jee	sn	Jero language
mar	sn	Jha?d?i?
mar	sn	Jha?d?i? dialect
shv	sn	Jibbali
shv	sn	Jibbali language
jic	sn	Jicaque
jic	sn	Jicaque language
apj	sn	Jicarilla
apj	sn	Jicarilla language
jul	sn	Jirel
jul	sn	Jirel language
jit	sn	Jita
jit	sn	Jita language
kaj	sn	Jju
kaj	sn	Jju language
mmy	sn	Jongor
mmy	sn	Jongor language
ktz	sn	Ju/'hoan
ktz	sn	Ju/'hoan language
jun	sn	Juang
jun	sn	Juang language
jrb	sn	Judeo-Arabic
jrb	sn	Judeo-Arabic language
itk	sn	Judeo-Italian
itk	sn	Judeo-Italian language
jpr	sn	Judeo-Persian
jpr	sn	Judeo-Persian language
bhh	sn	Judeo-Tajik
bhh	sn	Judeo-Tajik language
jdt	sn	Judeo-Tat
jdt	sn	Judeo-Tat language
jbu	sn	Jukun
jbu	sn	Jukun language
jup	sn	Jupda
jup	sn	Jupda language
bex	sn	Jur Modo
bex	sn	Jur Modo language
juc	sn	Jurchen
juc	sn	Jurchen language
ksp	sn	Kaba
ksp	sn	Kaba (Central Sudanic)
ksp	sn	Kaba language (Central Sudanic)
kbd	sn	Kabardian
kbd	sn	Kabardian language
kbp	sn	Kabiye
kbp	sn	Kabiye language
nbu	sn	Kabui
nkf	sn	Kabui
nbu	sn	Kabui language
nkf	sn	Kabui language
kab	sn	Kabyle
kab	sn	Kabyle language
kfr	sn	Kachchhi
kfr	sn	Kachchhi dialect
kac	sn	Kachin
kac	sn	Kachin language
kdv	sn	Kadu
kdv	sn	Kadu language
ktp	sn	Kaduo
ktp	sn	Kaduo language
swh	sn	Kae
swh	sn	Kae dialect
kbr	sn	Kaffa
kbr	sn	Kaffa language
kog	sn	Kagaba
kog	sn	Kagaba language
syw	sn	Kagate
syw	sn	Kagate dialect
cgc	sn	Kagayanen
cgc	sn	Kagayanen language
kdm	sn	Kagoma
kdm	sn	Kagoma language
xkg	sn	Kagoro (Mali)
kcg	sn	Kagoro (Nigeria)
kcg	sn	Kagoro dialect (Nigeria)
xkg	sn	Kagoro language (Mali)
kki	sn	Kaguru
kki	sn	Kaguru language
nij	sn	Kahayan
nij	sn	Kahayan language
kzp	sn	Kaidipang
kzp	sn	Kaidipang language
kzq	sn	Kaike
kzq	sn	Kaike language
pbz	sn	Kaili
pbz	sn	Kaili language
kgp	sn	Kaingang
kgp	sn	Kaingang language
klq	sn	Kairi
klq	sn	Kairi language
kbm	sn	Kaiwa (Papua New Guinea)
kbm	sn	Kaiwa language (Papua New Guinea)
hrv	sn	Kajkavian
hrv	sn	Kajkavian dialect
tbd	sn	Kaki Ae
tbd	sn	Kaki Ae language
sbl	sn	Kakilingan Sambal
sbl	sn	Kakilingan Sambal dialect
kkj	sn	Kako
kkj	sn	Kako language
keo	sn	Kakwa
keo	sn	Kakwa dialect
mwp	sn	Kala Lagaw Ya
mwp	sn	Kala Lagaw Ya language
ijn	sn	Kalabari
ijn	sn	Kalabari dialect
kzz	sn	Kalabra
kzz	sn	Kalabra language
kqe	sn	Kalagan
kqe	sn	Kalagan language
kmh	sn	Kalam
kmh	sn	Kalam language
tbk	sn	Kalamian
tbk	sn	Kalamian language
kck	sn	Kalanga
kck	sn	Kalanga (Botswana and Zimbabwe)
kck	sn	Kalanga language (Botswana and Zimbabwe)
kyl	sn	Kalapuya
kyl	sn	Kalapuya language
kls	sn	Kalash
kls	sn	Kalash language
kal	sn	Kala?tdlisut
kal	sn	Kala?tdlisut dialect
kln	sn	Kalenjin
kln	sn	Kalenjin language
fla	sn	Kalispel
fla	sn	Kalispel language
ktg	sn	Kalkatungu
ktg	sn	Kalkatungu language
tam	sn	Kallan
tam	sn	Kallan dialect
xal	sn	Kalmyk
xal	sn	Kalmyk language
bco	sn	Kaluli
bco	sn	Kaluli language
kay	sn	Kamaiura?
kay	sn	Kamaiura? language
kbq	sn	Kamano
kbq	sn	Kamano language
kms	sn	Kamasau
kms	sn	Kamasau language
xas	sn	Kamassin
xas	sn	Kamassin language
kam	sn	Kamba
kam	sn	Kamba language
ktb	sn	Kambata
ktb	sn	Kambata language
xbr	sn	Kambera
xbr	sn	Kambera dialect
itl	sn	Kamchadal
itl	sn	Kamchadal language
kld	sn	Kamilaroi
kld	sn	Kamilaroi language
tel	sn	Kamma
tel	sn	Kamma dialect
kgq	sn	Kamoro
kgq	sn	Kamoro language
asm	sn	Ka?mru?pi?
asm	sn	Ka?mru?pi? dialect
kmt	sn	Kamtuk
kmt	sn	Kamtuk language
xla	sn	Kamula
xla	sn	Kamula language
hig	sn	Kamwe
hig	sn	Kamwe language
ogo	sn	Kana
ogo	sn	Kana language
kna	sn	Kanakuru
kna	sn	Kanakuru language
bjj	sn	Kanauji
bjj	sn	Kanauji dialect
kfk	sn	Kanauri
kfk	sn	Kanauri language
kbl	sn	Kanembu
kbl	sn	Kanembu language
xnr	sn	Kangri
xnr	sn	Kangri dialect
kmu	sn	Kanite
kmu	sn	Kanite language
kjb	sn	Kanjobal
kjb	sn	Kanjobal language
kne	sn	Kankanay
kne	sn	Kankanay language
kan	sn	Kannada
kan	sn	Kannada language
kau	sn	Kanuri
kau	sn	Kanuri language
kqn	sn	Kaonde
kqn	sn	Kaonde language
ekg	sn	Kapauku
ekg	sn	Kapauku language
kpg	sn	Kapingamarangi
kpg	sn	Kapingamarangi language
kdk	sn	Kapone
kdk	sn	Kapone language
kah	sn	Kara (Central African Republic and Sudan)
leu	sn	Kara (Papua New Guinea)
kah	sn	Kara language (Central African Republic and Sudan)
leu	sn	Kara language (Papua New Guinea)
kza	sn	Karaboro
xrb	sn	Karaboro
kza	sn	Karaboro language
xrb	sn	Karaboro language
krc	sn	Karachay-Balkar
krc	sn	Karachay-Balkar language
kdr	sn	Karaim
kdr	sn	Karaim language
gbd	sn	Karajarri
gbd	sn	Karajarri language
kaa	sn	Kara-Kalpak
kaa	sn	Kara-Kalpak language
xqa	sn	Karakhanid
xqa	sn	Karakhanid language
kdj	sn	Karamojong
kdj	sn	Karamojong language
kzr	sn	Karang (Cameroon)
kzr	sn	Karang language (Cameroon)
kth	sn	Karanga
kth	sn	Karanga language
kyj	sn	Karao
kyj	sn	Karao language
kpt	sn	Karata
kpt	sn	Karata language
kbj	sn	Kare
kbj	sn	Kare language
kai	sn	Karekare
kai	sn	Karekare language
krl	sn	Karelian
krl	sn	Karelian language
kmv	sn	Karipuna Creole
kmv	sn	Karipuna Creole dialect
kzw	sn	Kariri
kzw	sn	Kariri language
ktn	sn	Karitiana
ktn	sn	Karitiana language
kko	sn	Karko
kko	sn	Karko language
est	sn	Karksi
est	sn	Karksi dialect
arr	sn	Karo (Brazil)
arr	sn	Karo language (Brazil)
btx	sn	Karo-Batak
btx	sn	Karo-Batak dialect
kyh	sn	Karok
kyh	sn	Karok language
kbn	sn	Karre?
kbn	sn	Karre? language
iru	sn	Kasaba
iru	sn	Kasaba dialect
xsm	sn	Kasem
xsm	sn	Kasem language
kju	sn	Kashaya
kju	sn	Kashaya language
kas	sn	Kashmiri
kas	sn	Kashmiri language
csb	sn	Kashubian
csb	sn	Kashubian language
kao	sn	Kassonke
kao	sn	Kassonke language
khs	sn	Kasua
khs	sn	Kasua language
kcg	sn	Katab
kcg	sn	Katab language
kmg	sn	Ka?te
kmg	sn	Ka?te language
nij	sn	Katingan
nij	sn	Katingan language
ktw	sn	Kato
ktw	sn	Kato language
kda	sn	Kattang
kda	sn	Kattang language
kax	sn	Katu
kax	sn	Katu language
pss	sn	Kaulong
pss	sn	Kaulong language
bpp	sn	Kaure
bpp	sn	Kaure language
zku	sn	Kaurna
zku	sn	Kaurna language
ckv	sn	Kavalan
ckv	sn	Kavalan language
ahk	sn	Kaw
ahk	sn	Kaw language
xaw	sn	Kawaiisu
xaw	sn	Kawaiisu language
kaw	sn	Kawi
kaw	sn	Kawi language
kyz	sn	Kayabi
kyz	sn	Kayabi language
eky	sn	Kayah
kyu	sn	Kayah
eky	sn	Kayah language
kyu	sn	Kayah language
pdu	sn	Kayan (Borneo)
pdu	sn	Kayan language (Borneo)
kak	sn	Kayapa Kallahan
kak	sn	Kayapa Kallahan language
gbb	sn	Kaytetye
gbb	sn	Kaytetye language
kge	sn	Kayu Agung
kge	sn	Kayu Agung language
kaz	sn	Kazakh
kaz	sn	Kazakh language
kzk	sn	Kazukuru
kzk	sn	Kazukuru language
ksx	sn	Kedang
ksx	sn	Kedang language
kek	sn	Kekchi
kek	sn	Kekchi language
kel	sn	Kela
kel	sn	Kela language
kzi	sn	Kelabit
kzi	sn	Kelabit language
keb	sn	Kele
keb	sn	Kele (Gabon)
keb	sn	Kele language (Gabon)
ify	sn	Keley-i Kallahan
ify	sn	Keley-i Kallahan language
kem	sn	Kemak
kem	sn	Kemak language
ahg	sn	Kemant
ahg	sn	Kemant language
kyq	sn	Kenga
kyq	sn	Kenga language
khz	sn	Keopara
khz	sn	Keopara language
ker	sn	Kera
ker	sn	Kera language
ked	sn	Kerebe
ked	sn	Kerebe language
kee	sn	Keres
kjq	sn	Keres
kee	sn	Keres language
kjq	sn	Keres language
kxz	sn	Kerewo
kxz	sn	Kerewo language
kvr	sn	Kerinci
kvr	sn	Kerinci language
ket	sn	Ket
ket	sn	Ket language
kcv	sn	Kete
kcv	sn	Kete language
xte	sn	Ketengban
xte	sn	Ketengban language
kew	sn	Kewa
kjs	sn	Kewa
kew	sn	Kewa language
kjs	sn	Kewa language
xkv	sn	Kgalagadi
xkv	sn	Kgalagadi language
kjh	sn	Khakass
kjh	sn	Khakass language
kjf	sn	Khalaj
kjf	sn	Khalaj language
klr	sn	Khaling
klr	sn	Khaling language
khk	sn	Khalkha
khk	sn	Khalkha dialect
xam	sn	Kham
kgj	sn	Kham (Nepal)
kip	sn	Kham (Nepal)
xam	sn	Kham language
kgj	sn	Kham language (Nepal)
kip	sn	Kham language (Nepal)
evn	sn	Khamnigan
evn	sn	Khamnigan (Mongolian)
evn	sn	Khamnigan language (Mongolian)
kht	sn	Khamti
kht	sn	Khamti language
khn	sn	Khandesi
khn	sn	Khandesi language
kca	sn	Khanty
kca	sn	Khanty language
hin	sn	Khari Boli
hin	sn	Khari Boli language
khr	sn	Kharia
khr	sn	Kharia language
kha	sn	Khasi
kha	sn	Khasi language
xhe	sn	Khetra?ni?
xhe	sn	Khetra?ni? dialect
nkh	sn	Khezha
nkh	sn	Khezha language
kix	sn	Khiamniungan
kix	sn	Khiamniungan language
kjj	sn	Khinalugh
kjj	sn	Khinalugh language
zkt	sn	Khitan
zkt	sn	Khitan language
khm	sn	Khmer
kxm	sn	Khmer
khm	sn	Khmer language
kxm	sn	Khmer language
kjg	sn	Khmu'
kjg	sn	Khmu' language
xuu	sn	Khoikhoi
xuu	sn	Khoikhoi language
khi	sn	Khoisan languages
ngh	sn	Khomani
ngh	sn	Khomani language
zkh	sn	Khorezmian Turkic
zkh	sn	Khorezmian Turkic language
kho	sn	Khotanese
kho	sn	Khotanese language
mai	sn	Khotta
mai	sn	Khotta dialect
khw	sn	Khowar
khw	sn	Khowar language
sgh	sn	Khuf
sgh	sn	Khuf dialect
cnk	sn	Khumi
cka	sn	Khumi Awa
cka	sn	Khumi Awa dialect
cnk	sn	Khumi language
kkh	sn	Khu?n
kkh	sn	Khu?n language
khv	sn	Khvarshi
khv	sn	Khvarshi language
csh	sn	Khyang
csh	sn	Khyang language
ifk	sn	Kiangan Ifugao
ifk	sn	Kiangan Ifugao dialect
kic	sn	Kickapoo
kic	sn	Kickapoo language
flr	sn	Kifuliru
flr	sn	Kifuliru dialect
kik	sn	Kikuyu
kik	sn	Kikuyu language
sjd	sn	Kildin Sami
sjd	sn	Kildin Sami dialect
klb	sn	Kiliwa
klb	sn	Kiliwa language
kmb	sn	Kimbundu
kmb	sn	Kimbundu language
krj	sn	Kinaray-a
krj	sn	Kinaray-a language
zga	sn	Kinga
zga	sn	Kinga language
swc	sn	Kingwana
swc	sn	Kingwana language
kin	sn	Kinyarwanda
kin	sn	Kinyarwanda language
kio	sn	Kiowa
kio	sn	Kiowa language
kue	sn	Kipchak
kue	sn	Kipchak language
kln	sn	Kipsikis
kln	sn	Kipsikis dialect
kyi	sn	Kiput
kyi	sn	Kiput language
kij	sn	Kiriwinian
kij	sn	Kiriwinian language
lks	sn	Kisa
lks	sn	Kisa dialect
kru	sn	Kisan
kru	sn	Kisan (Dravidian)
kru	sn	Kisan language (Dravidian)
kje	sn	Kisar
kje	sn	Kisar language
kiz	sn	Kissi
kiz	sn	Kissi language
kij	sn	Kitava
kij	sn	Kitava language
gia	sn	Kitja
gia	sn	Kitja language
ktu	sn	Kituba
ktu	sn	Kituba language
kla	sn	Klamath
kla	sn	Klamath language
tlh	sn	Klingon
tlh	sn	Klingon (Artificial language)
btz	sn	Kluet
btz	sn	Kluet language
xwa	sn	Koaia
xwa	sn	Koaia language
kib	sn	Koalib
kib	sn	Koalib language
cku	sn	Koasati
cku	sn	Koasati language
kpw	sn	Kobon
kpw	sn	Kobon language
kfa	sn	Kodagu
kfa	sn	Kodagu language
zkg	sn	Koguryo
zkg	sn	Koguryo language
kpm	sn	Koho
kpm	sn	Koho language
bcs	sn	Kohumono
bcs	sn	Kohumono language
kbk	sn	Koiari
kbk	sn	Koiari language
kjh	sn	Koibalian
kjh	sn	Koibalian dialect
trp	sn	Kok Borok
trp	sn	Kok Borok language
kkp	sn	Kokoberra
kkp	sn	Kokoberra language
kkk	sn	Kokota
kkk	sn	Kokota language
kfb	sn	Kolami
nit	sn	Kolami
kfb	sn	Kolami language
nit	sn	Kolami language
bhp	sn	Kolo
bhp	sn	Kolo dialect
ijc	sn	Kolokuma
ijc	sn	Kolokuma dialect
klx	sn	Koluawawa
klx	sn	Koluawawa language
bkm	sn	Kom (Cameroon)
kmm	sn	Kom (India)
bkm	sn	Kom language (Cameroon)
kmm	sn	Kom language (India)
kpf	sn	Komba
kpf	sn	Komba language
tyn	sn	Kombai
tyn	sn	Kombai language
nui	sn	Kombe
nui	sn	Kombe language
kge	sn	Komering
kge	sn	Komering dialect
kom	sn	Komi
kom	sn	Komi language
koi	sn	Komi-Permyak
koi	sn	Komi-Permyak dialect
kpv	sn	Komi-Yaz?va
kpv	sn	Komi-Yaz?va dialect
kmw	sn	Komo (Congo)
kmw	sn	Komo language (Congo)
kvh	sn	Komodo
kvh	sn	Komodo dialect
snp	sn	Komunku
snp	sn	Komunku dialect
kfc	sn	Konda
kfc	sn	Konda language
tel	sn	Konda-Reddi
tel	sn	Konda-Reddi dialect
kjc	sn	Kondjo
kjk	sn	Kondjo
kjc	sn	Kondjo dialect
kjk	sn	Kondjo dialect
nas	sn	Kongara
nas	sn	Kongara dialect
kon	sn	Kongo
kon	sn	Kongo language
ems	sn	Koniagmiut
ems	sn	Koniagmiut dialect
koo	sn	Konjo
koo	sn	Konjo language
kok	sn	Konkani
kok	sn	Konkani language
xon	sn	Konkomba
xon	sn	Konkomba language
kma	sn	Konni
kma	sn	Konni language
nbe	sn	Konyak
nbe	sn	Konyak language
kng	sn	Koongo
kng	sn	Koongo (Western Kongo)
kng	sn	Koongo dialect (Western Kongo)
kut	sn	Kootenai
kut	sn	Kootenai language
ozm	sn	Koozime
ozm	sn	Koozime language
ikt	sn	Kopagmiut
ikt	sn	Kopagmiut dialect
kfd	sn	Koraga
vmd	sn	Koraga
kfd	sn	Koraga language
vmd	sn	Koraga language
kqz	sn	Korana
kqz	sn	Korana language
kpr	sn	Korape
kpr	sn	Korape language
kdo	sn	Kordofanian languages
kor	sn	Korean
kor	sn	Korean language
sna	sn	Korekore
sna	sn	Korekore dialect
bpr	sn	Koronadal Blaan
bpr	sn	Koronadal Blaan language
khe	sn	Korowai
khe	sn	Korowai language
kfp	sn	Korwa
kfp	sn	Korwa language
kpy	sn	Koryak
kpy	sn	Koryak language
kkl	sn	Kosarek
kkl	sn	Kosarek language
kze	sn	Kosena
kze	sn	Kosena dialect
mar	sn	Koshti
mar	sn	Koshti (Marathi)
mar	sn	Koshti dialect (Marathi)
kfe	sn	Kota
kfe	sn	Kota (India)
kfe	sn	Kota language (India)
eko	sn	Koti
eko	sn	Koti language
zko	sn	Kott
zko	sn	Kott language
kqb	sn	Kovai
kqb	sn	Kovai language
kff	sn	Koya
kff	sn	Koya language
ses	sn	Koyraboro Senni
ses	sn	Koyraboro Senni dialect
koy	sn	Koyukon
koy	sn	Koyukon language
kpe	sn	Kpelle
kpe	sn	Kpelle language
kpo	sn	Kposo
kpo	sn	Kposo language
xra	sn	Kraho
xra	sn	Kraho language
kpl	sn	Kreish
kpl	sn	Kreish language
jct	sn	Krimchak
jct	sn	Krimchak language
kri	sn	Krio
kri	sn	Krio language
rop	sn	Kriol
rop	sn	Kriol language
ksi	sn	Krisa
ksi	sn	Krisa language
mcm	sn	Kristang
mcm	sn	Kristang language
kgo	sn	Krongo
kgo	sn	Krongo language
klu	sn	Kru
klu	sn	Kru language
kua	sn	Kuanyama
kua	sn	Kuanyama language
dar	sn	Kubachi
dar	sn	Kubachi dialect
kvb	sn	Kubu
kvb	sn	Kubu language
min	sn	Kubuang Tigo Baleh
min	sn	Kubuang Tigo Baleh dialect
gom	sn	Kudali
gom	sn	Kudali dialect
kxu	sn	Kui (Dravidian)
kdt	sn	Kui (Mon-Khmer)
kxu	sn	Kui language (Dravidian)
kdt	sn	Kui language (Mon-Khmer)
kux	sn	Kukatja
kux	sn	Kukatja language
tcz	sn	Kuki
tcz	sn	Kuki language
bfa	sn	Kuku
bfa	sn	Kuku dialect
gvn	sn	Kuku-Yalanji
gvn	sn	Kuku-Yalanji language
kkw	sn	Kukwa
kkw	sn	Kukwa language
glj	sn	Ku?la?a?l
glj	sn	Ku?la?a?l language
kzc	sn	Kulango
nku	sn	Kulango
kzc	sn	Kulango language
nku	sn	Kulango language
kfx	sn	Kului
kfx	sn	Kului language
kle	sn	Kulung
kle	sn	Kulung language
nee	sn	Kumak
nee	sn	Kumak language
kra	sn	Kumali
kra	sn	Kumali dialect
atv	sn	Kumandin
atv	sn	Kumandin dialect
kfy	sn	Kumauni
kfy	sn	Kumauni dialect
kgs	sn	Kumbainggar
kgs	sn	Kumbainggar language
coj	sn	Kumiai
coj	sn	Kumiai language
kum	sn	Kumyk
kum	sn	Kumyk language
knn	sn	Kunabi
knn	sn	Kunabi dialect
kun	sn	Kunama
kun	sn	Kunama language
wlg	sn	Kunbarlang
wlg	sn	Kunbarlang language
knw	sn	Kung-Ekoka
knw	sn	Kung-Ekoka language
kse	sn	Kuni
kvg	sn	Kuni
kse	sn	Kuni language
kvg	sn	Kuni language
kup	sn	Kunimaipa
kup	sn	Kunimaipa language
kjn	sn	Kunjen
kjn	sn	Kunjen dialects
knn	sn	Kun?kan?a?
knn	sn	Kun?kan?a? language
xuo	sn	Kuo
xuo	sn	Kuo language
key	sn	Kupia
key	sn	Kupia language
kud	sn	Kurada
kud	sn	Kurada language
knk	sn	Kuranko
knk	sn	Kuranko language
kur	sn	Kurdish
kur	sn	Kurdish language
kuj	sn	Kuria
kuj	sn	Kuria language
kfq	sn	Kurku
kfq	sn	Kurku language
kyw	sn	Kurmali
kyw	sn	Kurmali dialect
ktm	sn	Kurti
ktm	sn	Kurti language
kru	sn	Kurukh
kru	sn	Kurukh language
kfi	sn	Kurumba
kfi	sn	Kurumba language
kus	sn	Kusaal
kus	sn	Kusaal language
kos	sn	Kusaie
kos	sn	Kusaie language
ksv	sn	Kusu
ksv	sn	Kusu language
kgg	sn	Kusunda
kgg	sn	Kusunda language
vkt	sn	Kutai
vkt	sn	Kutai language
kuy	sn	Kuuku Ya'u
kuy	sn	Kuuku Ya'u language
bak	sn	Kuvakan
bak	sn	Kuvakan dialect
kxv	sn	Kuvi
kxv	sn	Kuvi language
mas	sn	Kwafi
mas	sn	Kwafi language
kwd	sn	Kwaio
kwd	sn	Kwaio language
kwk	sn	Kwakiutl
kwk	sn	Kwakiutl language
kwu	sn	Kwakum
kwu	sn	Kwakum language
tnk	sn	Kwamera
tnk	sn	Kwamera language
ksq	sn	Kwami
ksq	sn	Kwami language
kwn	sn	Kwangali
kwn	sn	Kwangali language
knp	sn	Kwanja
knp	sn	Kwanja language
kwf	sn	Kwara'ae
kwf	sn	Kwara'ae language
cwt	sn	Kwatay
cwt	sn	Kwatay language
goa	sn	Kweni
goa	sn	Kweni language
kwe	sn	Kwerba
kwe	sn	Kwerba language
kws	sn	Kwese
kws	sn	Kwese language
bri	sn	Kwiri
bri	sn	Kwiri language
xuu	sn	Kxoe
xuu	sn	Kxoe language
kyc	sn	Kyaka
kyc	sn	Kyaka language
kgy	sn	Kyirong
kgy	sn	Kyirong dialect
kir	sn	Kyrgyz
kir	sn	Kyrgyz language
kjh	sn	Kyzyl
kjh	sn	Kyzyl dialect
ldi	sn	Laadi
ldi	sn	Laadi dialect
gdm	sn	Laal
gdm	sn	Laal language
hia	sn	Laamang
hia	sn	Laamang language
mwi	sn	Labo
mwi	sn	Labo language
lac	sn	Lacandon
lac	sn	Lacandon dialect
lbj	sn	Ladakhi
lbj	sn	Ladakhi language
lld	sn	Ladin
lld	sn	Ladin dialect
lad	sn	Ladino
lad	sn	Ladino language
kjq	sn	Laguna
kjq	sn	Laguna dialect
lkh	sn	Laha
lkh	sn	Laha (Vietnam)
lkh	sn	Laha language (Vietnam)
lah	sn	Lahnda?
lah	sn	Lahnda? language
lhu	sn	Lahu
lhu	sn	Lahu Bakeo
lhu	sn	Lahu Bakeo dialect
lhu	sn	Lahu language
lbf	sn	Lahuli
lbf	sn	Lahuli language
cfm	sn	Laizo
cfm	sn	Laizo (Burma)
cfm	sn	Laizo language (Burma)
lbe	sn	Lak
lbe	sn	Lak language
mrh	sn	Lakher
mrh	sn	Lakher language
lki	sn	Laki
lki	sn	Laki (Iran)
lki	sn	Laki language (Iran)
lkn	sn	Lakona
lkn	sn	Lakona language
lkt	sn	Lakota
lkt	sn	Lakota dialect
nrz	sn	Lala
nrz	sn	Lala language
slp	sn	Lamaholot
slp	sn	Lamaholot language
lby	sn	Lamalama
lby	sn	Lamalama language
xdy	sn	Lamandau
xdy	sn	Lamandau language
lam	sn	Lamba
lam	sn	Lamba (Zambia and Congo)
lam	sn	Lamba language (Zambia and Congo)
lmn	sn	Lambadi
lmn	sn	Lambadi language
snp	sn	Lambau
snp	sn	Lambau dialect
lme	sn	Lame?
lme	sn	Lame? (Cameroon)
lme	sn	Lame? language (Cameroon)
lev	sn	Lamma
lev	sn	Lamma language
lns	sn	Lamnso'
lns	sn	Lamnso' language
ljp	sn	Lampung
ljp	sn	Lampung language
mrw	sn	Lanao Moro
mrw	sn	Lanao Moro dialect
lno	sn	Lango
lno	sn	Lango (Uganda)
lno	sn	Lango language (Uganda)
lao	sn	Lao
lao	sn	Lao language
laq	sn	Laqua
laq	sn	Laqua language
lbz	sn	Lardil
lbz	sn	Lardil language
alo	sn	Larike-Wakasihu
alo	sn	Larike-Wakasihu language
lrg	sn	Larrakia
lrg	sn	Larrakia language
lsi	sn	Lashi
lsi	sn	Lashi language
sva	sn	Lashkh
sva	sn	Lashkh dialect
lat	sn	Latin
lat	sn	Latin language
lat	sn	"Latin language, Colloquial"
lat	sn	"Latin language, Medieval and modern"
lat	sn	"Latin language, Postclassical"
lat	sn	"Latin language, Preclassical to ca. 100 B.C."
lat	sn	"Latin language, Vulgar"
lav	sn	Latvian
lav	sn	Latvian language
llu	sn	Lau
llu	sn	Lau language
lbo	sn	Laven
lbo	sn	Laven language
lcm	sn	Lavongai
lcm	sn	Lavongai language
lvk	sn	Lavukaleve
lvk	sn	Lavukaleve language
lcp	sn	Lawa (Thailand)
lwl	sn	Lawa (Thailand)
lcp	sn	Lawa language (Thailand)
lwl	sn	Lawa language (Thailand)
lbx	sn	Lawangan
lbx	sn	Lawangan language
lzz	sn	Laz
lzz	sn	Laz language
wol	sn	Lebou
wol	sn	Lebou dialect
lef	sn	Lefana
lef	sn	Lefana language
lea	sn	Lega
lgm	sn	Lega
lea	sn	Lega language
lgm	sn	Lega language
lse	sn	Leko
lse	sn	Leko dialect
lln	sn	Lele (Chad)
lln	sn	Lele language (Chad)
mui	sn	Lematang
mui	sn	Lematang language
liw	sn	Lembak Bilide
liw	sn	Lembak Bilide dialect
tnl	sn	Lenakel
tnl	sn	Lenakel dialect
len	sn	Lenca
len	sn	Lenca language
led	sn	Lendu
led	sn	Lendu language
leg	sn	Lengua
leg	sn	Lengua dialect
leh	sn	Lenje
leh	sn	Lenje language
lep	sn	Lepcha
lep	sn	Lepcha language
les	sn	Lese
les	sn	Lese language
lex	sn	Letri lgona
lex	sn	Letri lgona language
ojv	sn	Leuangiua
ojv	sn	Leuangiua language
slp	sn	Lewoingu
slp	sn	Lewoingu dialect
lez	sn	Lezgian
lez	sn	Lezgian language
lhm	sn	Lhomi
lhm	sn	Lhomi language
njh	sn	Lhota
njh	sn	Lhota language
dij	sn	Li
dij	sn	Li language
njn	sn	Liangmai Naga
njn	sn	Liangmai Naga language
lig	sn	Ligbi
lig	sn	Ligbi language
lik	sn	Lika
lik	sn	Lika language
kck	sn	Lilima
kck	sn	Lilima dialect
lil	sn	Lillooet
lil	sn	Lillooet language
lia	sn	Limba
lma	sn	Limba
lia	sn	Limba language
lma	sn	Limba language
lif	sn	Limbu
lif	sn	Limbu language
lmp	sn	Limbum
lmp	sn	Limbum language
lim	sn	Limburgish
lim	sn	Limburgish language
lmc	sn	Limilngan
lmc	sn	Limilngan language
liy	sn	Linda
liy	sn	Linda dialect
lid	sn	Lindrou
lid	sn	Lindrou language
bxg	sn	Lingala
lin	sn	Lingala
bxg	sn	Lingala language
lin	sn	Lingala language
pse	sn	Lintang
pse	sn	Lintang dialect
lis	sn	Lisu
lis	sn	Lisu language
lit	sn	Lithuanian
lit	sn	Lithuanian language
liv	sn	Livonian
liv	sn	Livonian language
nso	sn	Lobedu
nso	sn	Lobedu dialect
lob	sn	Lobi
lob	sn	Lobi language
log	sn	Logo
log	sn	Logo language
rag	sn	Logooli
rag	sn	Logooli language
jbo	sn	lojban
jbo	sn	Lojban (Artificial language)
khy	sn	Lokele
khy	sn	Lokele language
lok	sn	Loko
lok	sn	Loko language
llq	sn	Lolak
llq	sn	Lolak language
mfb	sn	Lom
mfb	sn	Lom language
lom	sn	Loma
lom	sn	Loma language
lmo	sn	Lombard
lmo	sn	Lombard language
lon	sn	Lomwe (Malawi)
ngl	sn	Lomwe (Mozambique)
lon	sn	Lomwe language (Malawi)
ngl	sn	Lomwe language (Mozambique)
lgu	sn	Longgu
lgu	sn	Longgu language
lnu	sn	Longuda
lnu	sn	Longuda language
los	sn	Loniu
los	sn	Loniu language
crc	sn	Lonwolwol
crc	sn	Lonwolwol dialect
lop	sn	Lopa
loy	sn	Lopa (Nepal)
lop	sn	Lopa (Nigeria)
lop	sn	Lopa language (Nigeria)
loy	sn	Lopa language (Nepal)
lor	sn	Lorhon
lor	sn	Lorhon language
lse	sn	Losengo
lse	sn	Losengo language
uvl	sn	Lote
uvl	sn	Lote language
lot	sn	Lotuko
lot	sn	Lotuko language
loj	sn	Lou
loj	sn	Lou language
rmy	sn	Lovari
rmy	sn	Lovari dialect
nds	sn	Low German
nds	sn	Low German language
dsb	sn	Lower Sorbian
dsb	sn	Lower Sorbian language
kml	sn	Lower Tanudan Kalinga
kml	sn	Lower Tanudan Kalinga language
loz	sn	Lozi
loz	sn	Lozi language
khb	sn	Lu?
khb	sn	Lu? language
lub	sn	Luba-Katanga
lub	sn	Luba-Katanga language
lua	sn	Luba-Lulua
lua	sn	Luba-Lulua language
lch	sn	Lucazi
lch	sn	Lucazi language
lud	sn	Ludic
lud	sn	Ludic dialect
lgg	sn	Lugbara
lgg	sn	Lugbara language
lui	sn	Luisen?o
lui	sn	Luisen?o language
vil	sn	Lule
vil	sn	Lule language
smj	sn	Lule Sami
smj	sn	Lule Sami dialect
lup	sn	Lumbu
lup	sn	Lumbu (Gabon)
lup	sn	Lumbu language (Gabon)
str	sn	Lummi
str	sn	Lummi dialect
lun	sn	Lunda
lun	sn	Lunda language
nst	sn	Lungchang
nst	sn	Lungchang dialect
mgr	sn	Lungu
mgr	sn	Lungu dialect
luo	sn	Luo (Kenya and Tanzania)
luo	sn	Luo language (Kenya and Tanzania)
lus	sn	Lushai
lus	sn	Lushai language
khl	sn	Lusi
khl	sn	Lusi language
lue	sn	Luvale
lue	sn	Luvale language
hit	sn	Luwian
hit	sn	Luwian language
ltz	sn	Luxembourgish
ltz	sn	Luxembourgish language
lyn	sn	Luyana
lyn	sn	Luyana language
luy	sn	Luyia
luy	sn	Luyia language
lwo	sn	Lwo (Sudan)
lwo	sn	Lwo language (Sudan)
xlc	sn	Lycian
xlc	sn	Lycian language
xld	sn	Lydian
xld	sn	Lydian language
gnh	sn	Lyele
gnh	sn	Lyele language
grg	sn	Ma
grg	sn	Ma language
cma	sn	Maa
cma	sn	Maa (Southeast Asia)
cma	sn	Maa dialect (Vietnam)
mhy	sn	Maanyan
mhy	sn	Maanyan language
ymm	sn	Maay
ymm	sn	Maay language
mde	sn	Maba
mde	sn	Maba language
mfz	sn	Maban
mfz	sn	Maban language
mca	sn	Maca
mca	sn	Maca language
mbn	sn	Macaguan
mbn	sn	Macaguan language
mkd	sn	Macedonian
xmk	sn	"Macedonian, Ancient"
xmk	sn	Macedonian (Ancient)
mkd	sn	Macedonian language
mcb	sn	Machiguenga
mcb	sn	Machiguenga language
mbr	sn	Macu?
mbr	sn	Macu? language
myy	sn	Macuna
myy	sn	Macuna language
mbc	sn	Macusi
mbc	sn	Macusi language
mxu	sn	Mada
mxu	sn	Mada (Cameroon)
mxu	sn	Mada language (Cameroon)
prs	sn	Madaglashti
prs	sn	Madaglashti dialect
mhi	sn	Ma?di (Uganda and Sudan)
mhi	sn	Ma?di language (Uganda and Sudan)
mrr	sn	Ma?d?iya?-Gon?d?i?
mrr	sn	Ma?d?iya?-Gon?d?i? dialect
mad	sn	Madurese
mad	sn	Madurese language
maf	sn	Mafa
maf	sn	Mafa language
mag	sn	Magahi
mag	sn	Magahi language
mgp	sn	Magar
mrd	sn	Magar
mgp	sn	Magar language
mrd	sn	Magar language
aoe	sn	"Magi (Southern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea)"
aoe	sn	"Magi language (Southern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea)"
mdh	sn	Magindanao
mdh	sn	Magindanao language
pmh	sn	Maharashtri
pmh	sn	Maharashtri language
fia	sn	Mahas-Fiyadikka
fia	sn	Mahas-Fiyadikka language
mjy	sn	Mahican
mjy	sn	Mahican language
gdq	sn	Mahri
gdq	sn	Mahri language
ayz	sn	Mai Brat
ayz	sn	Mai Brat language
mjd	sn	Maidu
nmu	sn	Maidu
nsz	sn	Maidu
vmv	sn	Maidu
mjd	sn	Maidu language
nmu	sn	Maidu language
nsz	sn	Maidu language
vmv	sn	Maidu language
mgu	sn	Mailu
mgu	sn	Mailu language
mbq	sn	Maisin
mbq	sn	Maisin language
mai	sn	Maithili
mai	sn	Maithili language
mpe	sn	Majang
mpe	sn	Majang language
mwm	sn	Majingai
mwm	sn	Majingai dialect
mcp	sn	Maka (Cameroon)
mcp	sn	Maka language (Cameroon)
myh	sn	Makah
myh	sn	Makah language
mkz	sn	Makasai
mkz	sn	Makasai language
mak	sn	Makasar
mak	sn	Makasar language
kde	sn	Makonde
kde	sn	Makonde language
lva	sn	Maku?a (Indonesia)
lva	sn	Maku?a language (Indonesia)
mlg	sn	Malagasy
mlg	sn	Malagasy language
mpb	sn	Malak Malak
mpb	sn	Malak Malak language
msa	sn	Malay
msa	sn	Malay language
mal	sn	Malayalam
mal	sn	Malayalam language
mdy	sn	Male
mdy	sn	Male (Ethiopia)
mdy	sn	Male language (Ethiopia)
mlx	sn	Malfaxal
mlx	sn	Malfaxal language
mfi	sn	Malgwa
mfi	sn	Malgwa dialect
mlt	sn	Maltese
mlt	sn	Maltese language
mjt	sn	Malto
mjt	sn	Malto language
mup	sn	Malvi
mup	sn	Malvi dialect
mam	sn	Mam
mam	sn	Mam language
mmn	sn	Mamanwa
mmn	sn	Mamanwa language
myk	sn	Mamara
myk	sn	Mamara language
mgm	sn	Mambai
mgm	sn	Mambai language
mcu	sn	Mambila
mzk	sn	Mambila
mcu	sn	Mambila language
mzk	sn	Mambila language
mgr	sn	Mambwe
mgr	sn	Mambwe dialect
mgr	sn	Mambwe-Lungu
mgr	sn	Mambwe-Lungu language
maw	sn	Mampruli
maw	sn	Mampruli language
mdi	sn	Mamvu
mdi	sn	Mamvu language
mcq	sn	Managalasi
mcq	sn	Managalasi language
mva	sn	Manam
mva	sn	Manam language
mle	sn	Manambu
mle	sn	Manambu language
mnc	sn	Manchu
mnc	sn	Manchu language
mid	sn	Mandaean
mid	sn	Mandaean language
btm	sn	Mandailing
btm	sn	Mandailing dialect
mmx	sn	Mandak
mmx	sn	Mandak language
mhq	sn	Mandan
mhq	sn	Mandan language
mdr	sn	Mandar
mdr	sn	Mandar language
cmn	sn	Mandarin
cmn	sn	Mandarin dialects
mjl	sn	Mandeali
mjl	sn	Mandeali dialect
sbb	sn	Mandegusu
sbb	sn	Mandegusu language
man	sn	Mandingo
man	sn	Mandingo language
mfv	sn	Mandjak
mfv	sn	Mandjak language
mpj	sn	Mandjildjara
mpj	sn	Mandjildjara dialect
zng	sn	Mang
zng	sn	Mang language
rar	sn	Mangaian
rar	sn	Mangaian language
mem	sn	Mangala
mem	sn	Mangala language
mna	sn	Mangap
mna	sn	Mangap language
mpc	sn	Mangarayi
mpc	sn	Mangarayi language
mrv	sn	Mangareva
mrv	sn	Mangareva language
mdj	sn	Mangbetu
mdj	sn	Mangbetu language
mqy	sn	Manggarai
mqy	sn	Manggarai (Indonesia)
mqy	sn	Manggarai language (Indonesia)
mbh	sn	Mangseng
mbh	sn	Mangseng language
cjr	sn	Mangue
cjr	sn	Mangue language
iry	sn	Mangyan
iry	sn	Mangyan language
mni	sn	Manipuri
mni	sn	Manipuri language
knf	sn	Mankanya
knf	sn	Mankanya language
nge	sn	Mankon
nge	sn	Mankon dialect
mev	sn	Mano
mev	sn	Mano language
mno	sn	Manobo languages
msk	sn	Mansaka
msk	sn	Mansaka language
mns	sn	Mansi
mns	sn	Mansi language
zlm	sn	Mantang
zlm	sn	Mantang dialect
wow	sn	Manui
wow	sn	Manui language
obo	sn	Manuvu
obo	sn	Manuvu language
glv	sn	Manx
glv	sn	Manx language
mxc	sn	Manyika
mxc	sn	Manyika language
nbi	sn	Mao Naga
nbi	sn	Mao Naga language
mmd	sn	Maonan
mmd	sn	Maonan language
mri	sn	Maori
mri	sn	Maori language
arn	sn	Mapuche
arn	sn	Mapuche language
mec	sn	Mara (Australia)
mec	sn	Mara language (Australia)
nma	sn	Maram
nma	sn	Maram language
mrw	sn	Maranao
mrw	sn	Maranao language
zmr	sn	Maranunggu
zmr	sn	Maranunggu language
bfy	sn	Marari
bfy	sn	Marari dialect
mar	sn	Marathi
mar	sn	Marathi language
zmc	sn	Margany
zmc	sn	Margany language
mfm	sn	Margi
mrt	sn	Margi
mfm	sn	Margi language
mrt	sn	Margi language
mrr	sn	Maria
mrr	sn	Maria (India)
mrr	sn	Maria language (India)
mrc	sn	Maricopa
mrc	sn	Maricopa language
gvf	sn	Marigl
gvf	sn	Marigl dialect
bpv	sn	Marindinese
mrz	sn	Marindinese
bpv	sn	Marindinese language
mrz	sn	Marindinese language
mbw	sn	Maring
mbw	sn	Maring language
mvo	sn	Marovo
mvo	sn	Marovo language
mqm	sn	Marquesan
mrq	sn	Marquesan
mqm	sn	Marquesan language
mrq	sn	Marquesan language
mfr	sn	Marri Amu
mfr	sn	Marri Amu language
zmt	sn	Marri Ngarr
zmt	sn	Marri Ngarr language
mah	sn	Marshallese
mah	sn	Marshallese language
mpj	sn	Martu Wangka
mpj	sn	Martu Wangka language
vma	sn	Martuyhunira
vma	sn	Martuyhunira language
mhx	sn	Maru
mhx	sn	Maru language
mwr	sn	Marwari
mwr	sn	Marwari language
mcn	sn	Masa
mcn	sn	Masa (Chadic)
mcn	sn	Masa language (Chadic)
mbl	sn	Masacali
mbl	sn	Masacali language
mas	sn	Masai
mas	sn	Masai language
msb	sn	Masbateno
msb	sn	Masbateno language
emo	sn	Mascoi
emo	sn	Mascoi language
mli	sn	Masenrempulu
mvp	sn	Masenrempulu
ptt	sn	Masenrempulu
wmm	sn	Masenrempulu
mli	sn	Masenrempulu language
mvp	sn	Masenrempulu language
ptt	sn	Masenrempulu language
wmm	sn	Masenrempulu language
amr	sn	Mashco
amr	sn	Mashco language
msh	sn	Masikoro
msh	sn	Masikoro dialect
wam	sn	Massachuset
wam	sn	Massachuset language
ccr	sn	Matagalpa
mtn	sn	Matagalpa
ccr	sn	Matagalpa language
mtn	sn	Matagalpa language
mbt	sn	MatigSalug
mbt	sn	MatigSalug language
mat	sn	Matlatzinca
mat	sn	Matlatzinca language
mtm	sn	Mator
mtm	sn	Mator language
mvb	sn	Mattole
mvb	sn	Mattole language
mgw	sn	Matumbi
mgw	sn	Matumbi language
mxx	sn	Mau
mxx	sn	Mau (Co?te d'Ivoire)
mxx	sn	Mau dialect (Co?te d'Ivoire)
mav	sn	Maue
mav	sn	Maue language
mph	sn	Maung
mph	sn	Maung language
mnb	sn	Mawasangka
mnb	sn	Mawasangka dialect
mke	sn	Mawchi
mke	sn	Mawchi language
mxl	sn	Maxi
mxl	sn	Maxi dialect
yua	sn	Maya
slz	sn	Ma'ya (Indonesia)
yua	sn	Maya language
slz	sn	Ma'ya language (Indonesia)
myn	sn	Mayan languages
mfy	sn	Mayo (Piman)
mfy	sn	Mayo dialect (Piman)
mdm	sn	Mayogo
mdm	sn	Mayogo language
mcf	sn	Mayoruna
mcf	sn	Mayoruna language
ifu	sn	Mayoyao Ifugao
ifu	sn	Mayoyao Ifugao dialect
maz	sn	Mazahua
mmc	sn	Mazahua
maz	sn	Mazahua language
mmc	sn	Mazahua language
mzn	sn	Ma?zandara?ni?
mzn	sn	Ma?zandara?ni? language
myb	sn	Mbai (Moissala)
myb	sn	Mbai language (Moissala)
mdp	sn	"Mbala (Bandundu, Congo)"
mdp	sn	"Mbala language (Bandundu, Congo)"
mpk	sn	Mbara (Chad)
mpk	sn	Mbara language (Chad)
kbc	sn	Mbaya
kbc	sn	Mbaya language
mql	sn	Mbelime
mql	sn	Mbelime language
mdt	sn	Mbete
mdt	sn	Mbete language
baw	sn	Mbili
baw	sn	Mbili language
liz	sn	Mbinsa
liz	sn	Mbinsa language
mbo	sn	Mbo (Cameroon)
mbo	sn	Mbo language (Cameroon)
mdw	sn	Mbosi
mdw	sn	Mbosi language
mhd	sn	Mbugu
mhd	sn	Mbugu language
mgz	sn	Mbugwe
mgz	sn	Mbugwe language
mqb	sn	Mbuko
mqb	sn	Mbuko language
mhw	sn	Mbukushu
mhw	sn	Mbukushu language
mdd	sn	Mbum
mdd	sn	Mbum language
mck	sn	Mbunda
mck	sn	Mbunda (Angola and Zambia)
mck	sn	Mbunda language (Angola and Zambia)
gun	sn	Mbya
gun	sn	Mbya language
mej	sn	Meax
mej	sn	Meax language
xme	sn	Median
xme	sn	Median language
grc	sn	Medieval Greek
hbo	sn	Medieval Hebrew
med	sn	Medlpa
med	sn	Medlpa language
byv	sn	Medumba
byv	sn	Medumba language
dar	sn	Megeb
dar	sn	Megeb dialect
mek	sn	Mekeo
mek	sn	Mekeo language
lbw	sn	Mekongga
lbw	sn	Mekongga language
pwm	sn	Melebuganon
pwm	sn	Melebuganon language
mxe	sn	Mele-Fila
mxe	sn	Mele-Fila language
tsj	sn	Memba
tsj	sn	Memba language
xkd	sn	Mendalam Kayan
xkd	sn	Mendalam Kayan dialect
men	sn	Mende
sim	sn	Mende (Papua New Guinea)
men	sn	Mende (Sierra Leone)
men	sn	Mende language (Sierra Leone)
sim	sn	Mende language (Papua New Guinea)
zme	sn	Mengerrdji
zme	sn	Mengerrdji language
mez	sn	Menominee
mez	sn	Menominee language
mwv	sn	Mentawai
mwv	sn	Mentawai language
bvu	sn	Meratus
bvu	sn	Meratus dialect
lmb	sn	Merei
lmb	sn	Merei language
xmr	sn	Meroitic
xmr	sn	Meroitic language
tel	sn	Merolu
tel	sn	Merolu dialect
mer	sn	Meru
mer	sn	Meru language
apm	sn	Mescalero
apm	sn	Mescalero language
mvz	sn	Mesqan
mvz	sn	Mesqan language
cms	sn	Messapian
cms	sn	Messapian language
mgo	sn	Meta
mgo	sn	Meta (Cameroon)
mgo	sn	Meta language (Cameroon)
mtr	sn	Mewari
mtr	sn	Mewari dialect
wtm	sn	Mewati
wtm	sn	Mewati dialect
mfs	sn	Mexican Sign
mfs	sn	Mexican Sign Language
gng	sn	Mi Gangam
gng	sn	Mi Gangam language
mia	sn	Miami
mia	sn	Miami (Ind. and Okla.)
mia	sn	Miami language (Ind. and Okla.)
mpt	sn	Mianmin
mpt	sn	Mianmin language
crg	sn	Michif
crg	sn	Michif language
mic	sn	Micmac
mic	sn	Micmac language
axm	sn	Middle Armenian 
axm	sn	Middle Armenian language
frm	sn	Middle French
mei	sn	Midob
mei	sn	Midob language
mgi	sn	Migili
mgi	sn	Migili language
sjl	sn	Miji
sjl	sn	Miji language
mxj	sn	Miju
mxj	sn	Miju dialect
mik	sn	Mikasuki
mik	sn	Mikasuki language
mjw	sn	Mikir
mjw	sn	Mikir language
adi	sn	Milang
adi	sn	Milang language
hna	sn	Mina
hna	sn	Mina (Cameroon)
hna	sn	Mina language (Cameroon)
inm	sn	Minaean
inm	sn	Minaean language
min	sn	Minangkabau
min	sn	Minangkabau language
mvn	sn	Minaveha
mvn	sn	Minaveha language
xmf	sn	Mingrelian
xmf	sn	Mingrelian language
mwl	sn	Mirandese
mwl	sn	Mirandese dialect
tat	sn	Mishar
tat	sn	Mishar dialect
clk	sn	Mishmi
clk	sn	Mishmi language
mpx	sn	Misima
mpx	sn	Misima language
mpx	sn	Misima-Panayati
mpx	sn	Misima-Panayati language
miq	sn	Miskito
miq	sn	Miskito language
ojg	sn	Missisauga
ojg	sn	Missisauga language
zmq	sn	Mituku
zmq	sn	Mituku language
mkf	sn	Miya
mkf	sn	Miya language
mux	sn	Miyemu
mux	sn	Miyemu language
bqz	sn	Mkaa?
bqz	sn	Mkaa? dialect
mra	sn	Mlabri
mra	sn	Mlabri language
mzw	sn	Mo
mzw	sn	Mo (Co?te d'Ivoire and Ghana)
mzw	sn	Mo language (Co?te d'Ivoire and Ghana)
mfq	sn	Moba
mfq	sn	Moba language
akz	sn	Mobilian trade
akz	sn	Mobilian trade language
moy	sn	Mocha
moy	sn	Mocha language
mhc	sn	Mocho?
mhc	sn	Mocho? language
moc	sn	Mocovi?
moc	sn	Mocovi? language
ell	sn	Modern Greek
aii	sn	Modern Syriac
mhj	sn	Moghol
mhj	sn	Moghol language
gum	sn	Moguex
gum	sn	Moguex language
mov	sn	Mohave
mov	sn	Mohave language
moh	sn	Mohawk
moh	sn	Mohawk language
mof	sn	Mohegan
mof	sn	Mohegan language
ign	sn	Mojo
ign	sn	Mojo language
mwt	sn	Moken
mwt	sn	Moken language
mkj	sn	Mokilese
mkj	sn	Mokilese language
mkm	sn	Moklen
mkm	sn	Moklen language
nst	sn	Moklum
nst	sn	Moklum dialect
mdf	sn	Moksha
mdf	sn	Moksha dialect
moz	sn	Mokulu
moz	sn	Mokulu language
rum	sn	Moldovan
rum	sn	Moldovan dialect
mox	sn	Molima
mox	sn	Molima language
arn	sn	Moluche
arn	sn	Moluche dialect
mnw	sn	Mon
mnw	sn	Mon language
mon	sn	Mongolian
mon	sn	Mongolian language
xgn	sn	Mongolian languages
lol	sn	Mongo-Nkundu
lol	sn	Mongo-Nkundu language
mjg	sn	Mongour
mjg	sn	Mongour language
moj	sn	Monjombo
moj	sn	Monjombo language
mkh	sn	Mon-Khmer languages
mnh	sn	Mono (Congo)
mnh	sn	Mono language (Congo)
mte	sn	Mono-Alu
mte	sn	Mono-Alu language
moe	sn	Montagnais
moe	sn	Montagnais language
mxk	sn	Monumbo
mxk	sn	Monumbo language
mos	sn	Moore?
mos	sn	Moore? language
mop	sn	Mopan
mop	sn	Mopan dialect
mal	sn	Moplah
mal	sn	Moplah dialect
mzq	sn	Mori
mzq	sn	Mori language
ayo	sn	Moro (South America)
mor	sn	Moro (Sudan)
ayo	sn	Moro language (South America)
mor	sn	Moro language (Sudan)
mqn	sn	Moronene
mqn	sn	Moronene language
mrl	sn	Mortlockese
mrl	sn	Mortlockese language
mgd	sn	Moru
mgd	sn	Moru language
cas	sn	Moseten
cas	sn	Moseten language
nmh	sn	Moshang
nmh	sn	Moshang language
mtt	sn	Mota
mtt	sn	Mota language
mot	sn	Motilon
mot	sn	Motilon language
mlv	sn	Motlav
mlv	sn	Motlav language
meu	sn	Motu
meu	sn	Motu language
mqt	sn	Mouk
mqt	sn	Mouk language
ape	sn	Mountain Arapesh
ape	sn	Mountain Arapesh language
kpx	sn	Mountain Koiari
kpx	sn	Mountain Koiari language
mzp	sn	Movima
mzp	sn	Movima language
mcx	sn	Mpiemo
mcx	sn	Mpiemo language
mye	sn	Mpongwe
mye	sn	Mpongwe language
akc	sn	Mpur (Indonesia)
akc	sn	Mpur language (Indonesia)
mug	sn	Mpus
mug	sn	Mpus dialect
swh	sn	Mtang'ata
swh	sn	Mtang'ata dialect
mtd	sn	Mualang
mtd	sn	Mualang language
moa	sn	Muana
moa	sn	Muana language
mwd	sn	Mudburra
mwd	sn	Mudburra language
wiv	sn	Muduapa
wiv	sn	Muduapa language
muv	sn	Muduva
muv	sn	Muduva dialect
mlp	sn	Mugil
mlp	sn	Mugil language
bmr	sn	Muinane
bmr	sn	Muinane language
mwc	sn	Mukawa
mwc	sn	Mukawa language
min	sn	Mukomuko
min	sn	Mukomuko language
ckb	sn	Mukri
ckb	sn	Mukri dialect
mlm	sn	Mulao
mlm	sn	Mulao language
est	sn	Mulgi
est	sn	Mulgi dialect
mzm	sn	Mumuye
mzm	sn	Mumuye language
mwq	sn	Mu?n Chin
mwq	sn	Mu?n Chin language
mnb	sn	Muna
mnb	sn	Muna language
mun	sn	Munda languages
mua	sn	Mundang
mua	sn	Mundang language
mnf	sn	Mundani
mnf	sn	Mundani language
unr	sn	Mundari
unr	sn	Mundari language
muh	sn	Mundu
muh	sn	Mundu (Sudan and Congo)
muh	sn	Mundu language (Sudan and Congo)
myu	sn	Munduruku
myu	sn	Munduruku language
mhk	sn	Mungaka
mhk	sn	Mungaka language
myr	sn	Munichi
myr	sn	Munichi language
mnj	sn	Munji
mnj	sn	Munji language
irn	sn	Mu?nku?
irn	sn	Mu?nku? dialect
umu	sn	Munsee
umu	sn	Munsee language
mtq	sn	Muong
mtq	sn	Muong language
sur	sn	Mupun
sur	sn	Mupun dialect
myp	sn	Mura
myp	sn	Mura language
mur	sn	Murle
mur	sn	Murle language
mwf	sn	Murrinhpatha
mwf	sn	Murrinhpatha language
huu	sn	Murui
huu	sn	Murui language
zmu	sn	Muruwari
zmu	sn	Muruwari language
mse	sn	Musey
mse	sn	Musey language
mug	sn	Musgu
mug	sn	Musgu language
mui	sn	Musi
mui	sn	Musi dialect
msu	sn	Musom
msu	sn	Musom language
umb	sn	Mussele
umb	sn	Mussele dialect
css	sn	Mutsun
css	sn	Mutsun dialect
myw	sn	Muyuw
myw	sn	Muyuw language
sur	sn	Mwaghavul
sur	sn	Mwaghavul language
wbh	sn	Mwamba
wbh	sn	Mwamba language
sie	sn	Mwenyi
sie	sn	Mwenyi language
mjh	sn	Mwera
mwe	sn	Mwera
mjh	sn	Mwera language
mwe	sn	Mwera language
swh	sn	Mwini
swh	sn	Mwini dialect
yms	sn	Mysian
yms	sn	Mysian language
mzb	sn	Mzab
mzb	sn	Mzab language
naf	sn	Nabak
naf	sn	Nabak language
xnd	sn	Na-Dene languages
nfr	sn	Nafaanra
nfr	sn	Nafaanra language
nca	sn	Nahu
nca	sn	Nahu language
nah	sn	Nahuatl
nah	sn	Nahuatl language
nak	sn	Nakanai
nak	sn	Nakanai language
nck	sn	Nakara
nck	sn	Nakara language
nss	sn	Nali
nss	sn	Nali language
nal	sn	Nalik
nal	sn	Nalik language
naq	sn	Nama
naq	sn	Nama language
nmk	sn	Namakura
nmk	sn	Namakura language
lzl	sn	Naman
lzl	sn	Naman (Vanuatu)
lzl	sn	Naman language (Vanuatu)
nmq	sn	Nambya
nmq	sn	Nambya language
nnm	sn	Namia
nnm	sn	Namia language
gld	sn	Nanai
gld	sn	Nanai language
nnc	sn	Nancere
nnc	sn	Nancere language
ncb	sn	Nancowry
ncb	sn	Nancowry language
nnb	sn	Nande
nnb	sn	Nande language
kln	sn	Nandi
kln	sn	Nandi language
nnk	sn	Nankina
nnk	sn	Nankina language
cox	sn	Nanti
cox	sn	Nanti language
nnt	sn	Nanticoke
nnt	sn	Nanticoke language
npy	sn	Napu
npy	sn	Napu language
nrb	sn	Nara
nrb	sn	Nara language
nac	sn	Narak
nac	sn	Narak language
nnr	sn	Narangga
nnr	sn	Narangga language
mof	sn	Narragansett
mof	sn	Narragansett language
nay	sn	Narrinyeri
nay	sn	Narrinyeri language
nas	sn	Nasioi
nas	sn	Nasioi language
nsk	sn	Naskapi
nsk	sn	Naskapi language
ntz	sn	Natanzi
ntz	sn	Natanzi language
ncz	sn	Natchez
ncz	sn	Natchez language
ntm	sn	Nateni
ntm	sn	Nateni language
ess	sn	Naukan Yupik
ess	sn	Naukan Yupik language
nau	sn	Nauru
nau	sn	Nauru language
nav	sn	Navajo
nav	sn	Navajo language
nmz	sn	Nawdm
nmz	sn	Nawdm language
nbf	sn	Naxi
nbf	sn	Naxi language
ncu	sn	Nchumburu
ncu	sn	Nchumburu language
ndh	sn	Ndali
ndh	sn	Ndali language
ndc	sn	Ndau
ndc	sn	Ndau language
nbl	sn	Ndebele (South Africa)
nde	sn	Ndebele (Zimbabwe)
nbl	sn	Ndebele language (South Africa)
nde	sn	Ndebele language (Zimbabwe)
djj	sn	Ndjebbana
djj	sn	Ndjebbana language
ndo	sn	Ndonga
ndo	sn	Ndonga language
nmd	sn	Ndumu
nmd	sn	Ndumu language
ndt	sn	Ndunga
ndt	sn	Ndunga language
neg	sn	Negidal
neg	sn	Negidal language
nsn	sn	Nehan
nsn	sn	Nehan language
ijs	sn	Nembe
ijs	sn	Nembe language
nem	sn	Nemi
nem	sn	Nemi language
yrk	sn	Nenets
yrk	sn	Nenets language
nen	sn	Nengone
nen	sn	Nengone language
tld	sn	Nenusa-Miangas
tld	sn	Nenusa-Miangas dialect
nep	sn	Nepali
nep	sn	Nepali language
nzs	sn	New Zealand Sign
nzs	sn	New Zealand Sign Language
new	sn	Newari
new	sn	Newari language
nez	sn	Nez Perce?
nez	sn	Nez Perce? language
ntj	sn	Ngaanyatjarra
ntj	sn	Ngaanyatjarra language
nxg	sn	Ngada
nxg	sn	Ngada language
nju	sn	Ngadju (Australia)
nju	sn	Ngadju language (Australia)
nij	sn	Ngaju
nij	sn	Ngaju language
nig	sn	Ngalakan
nig	sn	Ngalakan language
kbl	sn	Ngalduku
kbl	sn	Ngalduku dialect
djd	sn	Ngaliwuru
djd	sn	Ngaliwuru language
nmc	sn	Ngama
nmc	sn	Ngama dialect
nbh	sn	Ngamo
nbh	sn	Ngamo language
nio	sn	Nganasan
nio	sn	Nganasan language
nid	sn	Ngandi
nid	sn	Ngandi language
nam	sn	Ngankikurungkurr
nam	sn	Ngankikurungkurr language
ung	sn	Ngarinyin
ung	sn	Ngarinyin language
nbj	sn	Ngarinyman
nbj	sn	Ngarinyman language
nlr	sn	Ngarla
nlr	sn	Ngarla language
nrl	sn	Ngarluma
nrl	sn	Ngarluma language
ngm	sn	Ngatik
ngm	sn	Ngatik language
cnw	sn	Ngaun
cnw	sn	Ngaun language
nxn	sn	Ngawun
nxn	sn	Ngawun language
nga	sn	Ngbaka
nga	sn	Ngbaka language
nbm	sn	Ngbaka ma'bo
nbm	sn	Ngbaka ma'bo language
nbw	sn	Ngbandi
ngb	sn	Ngbandi
nbw	sn	Ngbandi language
ngb	sn	Ngbandi language
nge	sn	Ngemba
nge	sn	Ngemba (Cameroon)
nge	sn	Ngemba language (Cameroon)
niy	sn	Ngiti
niy	sn	Ngiti language
ngi	sn	Ngizim
ngi	sn	Ngizim language
xkv	sn	Ngologa
xkv	sn	Ngologa dialect
jgo	sn	Ngomba (Bamileke)
jgo	sn	Ngomba language (Bamileke)
ngc	sn	Ngombe
ngc	sn	Ngombe language
nyy	sn	Ngonde
nyy	sn	Ngonde language
ngo	sn	Ngoni
ngo	sn	Ngoni (Tanzania and Mozambique)
ngo	sn	Ngoni language (Tanzania and Mozambique)
llp	sn	Nguna
nmk	sn	Nguna
llp	sn	Nguna language
nmk	sn	Nguna language
nuo	sn	Nguo?n
nuo	sn	Nguo?n language
ibo	sn	Ngwa
ibo	sn	Ngwa dialect
nnh	sn	Ngyemboon
nnh	sn	Ngyemboon language
nha	sn	Nhanda
nha	sn	Nhanda language
nhr	sn	Nharo
nhr	sn	Nharo language
nia	sn	Nias
nia	sn	Nias language
ncs	sn	Nicaraguan Sign
ncs	sn	Nicaraguan Sign Language
nie	sn	Nielim
nie	sn	Nielim language
nic	sn	Niger-Congo languages
nll	sn	Nihali
nll	sn	Nihali language
nii	sn	Nii
nii	sn	Nii language
nim	sn	Nilamba
nim	sn	Nilamba language
ssa	sn	Nilo-Saharan languages
noe	sn	Nimadi
noe	sn	Nimadi dialect
nir	sn	Nimboran
nir	sn	Nimboran language
ojc	sn	Nipissing
ojc	sn	Nipissing language
kib	sn	Nirere
kib	sn	Nirere dialect
nsz	sn	Nisenan
nsz	sn	Nisenan language
ncg	sn	Niska
ncg	sn	Niska language
lut	sn	Nisqually
lut	sn	Nisqually language
niu	sn	Niuean
niu	sn	Niuean language
koi	sn	Nizhnein?venskii?
koi	sn	Nizhnein?venskii? dialect
nko	sn	Nkonya
nko	sn	Nkonya language
nka	sn	Nkoya
nka	sn	Nkoya language
njb	sn	Nocte
njb	sn	Nocte language
nog	sn	Nogai
nog	sn	Nogai language
nkk	sn	Nogugu
nkk	sn	Nogugu language
lem	sn	Nomaante
lem	sn	Nomaante language
not	sn	Nomatsiguenga
not	sn	Nomatsiguenga language
snf	sn	Noon
snf	sn	Noon language
nhu	sn	Noone
nhu	sn	Noone language
noo	sn	Nootka
noo	sn	Nootka language
nrn	sn	Norn
nrn	sn	Norn dialect
llp	sn	North Efate
llp	sn	North Efate language
frr	sn	North Frisian
frr	sn	North Frisian dialect
str	sn	North Straits Salish
str	sn	North Straits Salish language
kiw	sn	Northeastern Kiwai
kiw	sn	Northeastern Kiwai language
atv	sn	Northern Altai
atv	sn	Northern Altai language
buy	sn	Northern Bullom
buy	sn	Northern Bullom language
xnn	sn	Northern Kankanay
xnn	sn	Northern Kankanay dialect
kca	sn	Northern Khanty
kca	sn	Northern Khanty dialect
kxm	sn	Northern Khmer
kxm	sn	Northern Khmer language
mnp	sn	Northern Min
mnp	sn	Northern Min dialects
pao	sn	Northern Paiute
pao	sn	Northern Paiute language
pej	sn	Northern Pomo
pej	sn	Northern Pomo language
rog	sn	Northern Roglai
rog	sn	Northern Roglai dialect
sme	sn	Northern Sami
sme	sn	Northern Sami dialect
nsq	sn	Northern Sierra Miwok
nsq	sn	Northern Sierra Miwok language
nso	sn	Northern Sotho
nso	sn	Northern Sotho language
nod	sn	Northern Thai
nod	sn	Northern Thai language
nor	sn	Norwegian
nor	sn	Norwegian language
nno	sn	Norwegian language (Nynorsk)
nno	sn	Norwegian Nynorsk
ncf	sn	Notsi
ncf	sn	Notsi language
nou	sn	Notu
nou	sn	Notu language
nov	sn	Novial
nov	sn	Novial (Artificial language)
nse	sn	Nsenga
nse	sn	Nsenga language
thp	sn	Ntlakyapamuk
thp	sn	Ntlakyapamuk language
nto	sn	Ntomba
nto	sn	Ntomba language
nni	sn	Nuaulu
nxl	sn	Nuaulu
nni	sn	Nuaulu language
nxl	sn	Nuaulu language
kcn	sn	Nubi
kcn	sn	Nubi language
nub	sn	Nubian languages
nus	sn	Nuer
nus	sn	Nuer language
nnv	sn	Nukunu
nnv	sn	Nukunu language
nkr	sn	Nukuoro
nkr	sn	Nukuoro language
sij	sn	Numbami
sij	sn	Numbami language
bhw	sn	Numfor
bhw	sn	Numfor language
nun	sn	Nung
nun	sn	Nung language
nuy	sn	Nunggubuyu
nuy	sn	Nunggubuyu language
xsm	sn	Nunuma
xsm	sn	Nunuma dialect
nup	sn	Nupe
nup	sn	Nupe language
nwb	sn	Nyabwa
nwb	sn	Nyabwa language
cbn	sn	Nyah Kur
cbn	sn	Nyah Kur language
nev	sn	Nyaheun
nev	sn	Nyaheun language
yly	sn	Nyalayu
yly	sn	Nyalayu language
now	sn	Nyambo
now	sn	Nyambo language
nym	sn	Nyamwezi
nym	sn	Nyamwezi language
nyk	sn	Nyaneka
nyk	sn	Nyaneka language
nyj	sn	Nyanga
nyj	sn	Nyanga language
nna	sn	Nyangumarta
nna	sn	Nyangumarta language
nya	sn	Nyanja
nya	sn	Nyanja language
nyn	sn	Nyankole
nyn	sn	Nyankole language
nih	sn	Nyiha
nih	sn	Nyiha language
nyh	sn	Nyikina
nyh	sn	Nyikina language
nyd	sn	Nyore
nyd	sn	Nyore language
nyo	sn	Nyoro
nyo	sn	Nyoro language
nyv	sn	Nyulnyul
nyv	sn	Nyulnyul language
nys	sn	Nyunga
nys	sn	Nyunga dialects
nyu	sn	Nyungwe
nyu	sn	Nyungwe language
nzk	sn	Nzakara
nzk	sn	Nzakara dialect
nzb	sn	Nzebi
nzb	sn	Nzebi language
nzi	sn	Nzima
nzi	sn	Nzima language
obo	sn	Obo Manobo
obo	sn	Obo Manobo language
ann	sn	Obolo
ann	sn	Obolo language
oca	sn	Ocaina
oca	sn	Ocaina language
oci	sn	Occitan
oci	sn	Occitan language
ocu	sn	Ocuiltec
ocu	sn	Ocuiltec language
odu	sn	Odual
odu	sn	Odual language
ofo	sn	Ofo
ofo	sn	Ofo language
pse	sn	Ogan
pse	sn	Ogan dialect
ogc	sn	Ogba
ogc	sn	Ogba language
ogu	sn	Ogbronuagum
ogu	sn	Ogbronuagum language
ozn	sn	Oghuz
ozn	sn	Oghuz language
css	sn	Ohlone
cst	sn	Ohlone
css	sn	Ohlone language
cst	sn	Ohlone language
xal	sn	Oirat
xal	sn	Oirat language
oji	sn	Ojibwa
oji	sn	Ojibwa language
oka	sn	Okanagan
oka	sn	Okanagan language
oke	sn	Okpe
okx	sn	Okpe
oke	sn	Okpe language
okx	sn	Okpe language
okr	sn	Okrika
okr	sn	Okrika dialect
opm	sn	Oksapmin
opm	sn	Oksapmin language
ulc	sn	Olcha
ulc	sn	Olcha language
fro	sn	Old French
non	sn	Old Norse
non	sn	Old Norse language
peo	sn	Old Persian
peo	sn	Old Persian language
pro	sn	Old Provenc?al
pro	sn	Old Provenc?al language
osx	sn	Old Saxon
osx	sn	Old Saxon language
otk	sn	Old Turkic
otk	sn	Old Turkic language
ong	sn	Olo
ong	sn	Olo language
olo	sn	Olonets
olo	sn	Olonets dialect
plo	sn	Oluta
plo	sn	Oluta language
oma	sn	Omaha
oma	sn	Omaha language
oml	sn	Ombo
oml	sn	Ombo language
omi	sn	Omi
omi	sn	Omi language
omv	sn	Omotic languages
ona	sn	Ona
ona	sn	Ona language
one	sn	Oneida
one	sn	Oneida language
oon	sn	O?nge
oon	sn	O?nge language
bxe	sn	Ongota
bxe	sn	Ongota language
ons	sn	Ono
ons	sn	Ono language
ono	sn	Onondaga
ono	sn	Onondaga language
hei	sn	Oowekyala
hei	sn	Oowekyala language
opt	sn	Opata
opt	sn	Opata language
ema	sn	Ora
ema	sn	Ora dialect
mvf	sn	Ordos
mvf	sn	Ordos dialect
ore	sn	Orejo?n
ore	sn	Orejo?n language
tag	sn	Orig
tag	sn	Orig (Sudan)
tag	sn	Orig dialect (Sudan)
ori	sn	Oriya
ori	sn	Oriya language
orc	sn	Orma
orc	sn	Orma dialect
orz	sn	Ormu
orz	sn	Ormu language
oru	sn	Ormuri
oru	sn	Ormuri language
oac	sn	Oroch
oac	sn	Oroch language
oaa	sn	Orok
oaa	sn	Orok language
okv	sn	Orokaiva
okv	sn	Orokaiva language
oro	sn	Orokolo
oro	sn	Orokolo language
orm	sn	Oromo
orm	sn	Oromo language
enw	sn	Oron
enw	sn	Oron language
orh	sn	Oroqen
orh	sn	Oroqen language
mye	sn	Orungu
mye	sn	Orungu language
ury	sn	Orya
ury	sn	Orya language
osa	sn	Osage
osa	sn	Osage language
osc	sn	Oscan
osc	sn	Oscan language
osi	sn	Osing
osi	sn	Osing dialect
oss	sn	Ossetic
oss	sn	Ossetic language
otd	sn	Ot Danum
otd	sn	Ot Danum language
iow	sn	Oto
iow	sn	Oto language
omq	sn	Otomanguean languages
oto	sn	Otomian languages
otw	sn	Ottawa
otw	sn	Ottawa language
oua	sn	Ouargla
oua	sn	Ouargla language
kjn	sn	Oykangand
kjn	sn	Oykangand language
chz	sn	Ozumaci?n
chz	sn	Ozumaci?n dialect
pma	sn	Paama
pma	sn	Paama language
ems	sn	Pacific Gulf Yupik
ems	sn	Pacific Gulf Yupik language
pac	sn	Pacoh
pac	sn	Pacoh language
adi	sn	Padam
adi	sn	Padam language
dip	sn	Padang
dip	sn	Padang dialect
pbi	sn	Paduko
pbi	sn	Paduko language
pbb	sn	Paez
pbb	sn	Paez language
pal	sn	Pahlavi
pal	sn	Pahlavi language
new	sn	Pahri
new	sn	Pahri dialect
pri	sn	Paici
pri	sn	Paici language
adi	sn	Pailibo
adi	sn	Pailibo dialect
ppi	sn	Paipai
ppi	sn	Paipai language
pck	sn	Paite
pck	sn	Paite language
pwn	sn	Paiwan
pwn	sn	Paiwan language
pav	sn	Pakaasnovos
pav	sn	Pakaasnovos language
pku	sn	Paku
pku	sn	Paku language
gfk	sn	Pala
gfk	sn	Pala language
plq	sn	Palaic
plq	sn	Palaic language
kpy	sn	Palan
kpy	sn	Palan dialect
pau	sn	Palauan
pau	sn	Palauan language
pce	sn	Palaung
pll	sn	Palaung
rbb	sn	Palaung
pce	sn	Palaung language
pll	sn	Palaung language
rbb	sn	Palaung language
plc	sn	Palawano
plv	sn	Palawano
plw	sn	Palawano
plc	sn	Palawano language
plv	sn	Palawano language
plw	sn	Palawano language
pli	sn	Pali
pli	sn	Pali language
plu	sn	Palicur
plu	sn	Palicur language
pbs	sn	Pame
pmq	sn	Pame
pmz	sn	Pame
pbs	sn	Pame language
pmq	sn	Pame language
pmz	sn	Pame language
tav	sn	Pamoa
tav	sn	Pamoa language
pmf	sn	Pamona
pmf	sn	Pamona language
pam	sn	Pampanga
pam	sn	Pampanga language
par	sn	Panamint
par	sn	Panamint language
pbh	sn	Panare
pbh	sn	Panare language
mpx	sn	Panayati
mpx	sn	Panayati language
bhb	sn	Panchamahali
bhb	sn	Panchamahali dialect
pag	sn	Pangasinan
pag	sn	Pangasinan language
slm	sn	Pangutaran Sama
slm	sn	Pangutaran Sama language
pbr	sn	Pangwa
pbr	sn	Pangwa language
pan	sn	Panjabi
pan	sn	Panjabi language
pno	sn	Panobo
pno	sn	Panobo language
pbb	sn	Panzaleo
pbb	sn	Panzaleo language
zpw	sn	Papabuco
zpw	sn	Papabuco language
paa	sn	Papuan languages
agp	sn	Paranan
agp	sn	Paranan language
pbg	sn	Paraujano
pbg	sn	Paraujano language
pcj	sn	Parengi
pcj	sn	Parengi language
pab	sn	Paressi
pab	sn	Paressi language
lkr	sn	Pa?ri
lkr	sn	Pa?ri (Sudan)
lkr	sn	Pa?ri language (Sudan)
pah	sn	Parintintin
pah	sn	Parintintin dialect
pci	sn	Parji
pci	sn	Parji language
guj	sn	Parsi-Gujarati
guj	sn	Parsi-Gujarati dialect
xpr	sn	Parthian
xpr	sn	Parthian language
gbm	sn	Parvati
gbm	sn	Parvati dialect
paq	sn	Parya
paq	sn	Parya language
sig	sn	Pasaale
sig	sn	Pasaale dialect
zlm	sn	Pasir
lbx	sn	Pasir (Lawangan)
zlm	sn	Pasir dialect
pqm	sn	Passamaquoddy
pqm	sn	Passamaquoddy language
bpb	sn	Pasto
kwi	sn	Pasto
bpb	sn	Pasto language
kwi	sn	Pasto language
pbc	sn	Patamona
pbc	sn	Patamona language
ptp	sn	Patep
ptp	sn	Patep language
lae	sn	Pattani (India)
mfa	sn	Pattani (Thailand)
lae	sn	Pattani dialect (India)
mfa	sn	Pattani dialect (Thailand)
psm	sn	Pauserna
psm	sn	Pauserna language
pwa	sn	Pawaian
pwa	sn	Pawaian language
bns	sn	Pawari
bns	sn	Pawari dialect
paw	sn	Pawnee
paw	sn	Pawnee language
ped	sn	Pay
ped	sn	Pay language
uun	sn	Pazeh
uun	sn	Pazeh language
pcb	sn	Pear
pcb	sn	Pear language
arn	sn	Pehuenche
arn	sn	Pehuenche dialect
pel	sn	Pekal
pel	sn	Pekal language
ppp	sn	Pelende
ppp	sn	Pelende language
aoc	sn	Pemo?n
aoc	sn	Pemo?n language
pem	sn	Pende
pem	sn	Pende language
mui	sn	Penesak
mui	sn	Penesak language
peg	sn	Pengo
peg	sn	Pengo language
pdc	sn	Pennsylvania German
pdc	sn	Pennsylvania German dialect
aaq	sn	Penobscot
aaq	sn	Penobscot language
pea	sn	Peranakan Indonesian
pea	sn	Peranakan Indonesian language
pip	sn	Pero
pip	sn	Pero language
fas	sn	Persian
fas	sn	Persian language
pex	sn	Petats
pex	sn	Petats language
phl	sn	Phalura
phl	sn	Phalura language
phi	sn	Philippine languages
phn	sn	Phoenician
phn	sn	Phoenician language
nph	sn	Phom
nph	sn	Phom language
xpg	sn	Phrygian
xpg	sn	Phrygian language
pht	sn	Phu Thai
pht	sn	Phu Thai language
pio	sn	Piapoco
pio	sn	Piapoco language
pid	sn	Piaroa
pid	sn	Piaroa language
plg	sn	Pilaga
plg	sn	Pilaga language
piv	sn	Pileni
piv	sn	Pileni language
ood	sn	Pima
pia	sn	Pima Bajo
pia	sn	Pima Bajo language
ood	sn	Pima language
pnn	sn	Pinai-Hagahai
pnn	sn	Pinai-Hagahai language
pif	sn	Pingelap
pif	sn	Pingelap language
piu	sn	Pintupi
piu	sn	Pintupi dialect
pny	sn	Pinyin
pny	sn	Pinyin language
ppl	sn	Pipil
ppl	sn	Pipil language
myp	sn	Piraha?
myp	sn	Piraha? dialect
pir	sn	Piratapuyo
pir	sn	Piratapuyo language
pie	sn	Piro
pie	sn	Piro (Tanoan)
pie	sn	Piro (Tanoan) language
pih	sn	Pitcairnese
pih	sn	Pitcairnese language
pjt	sn	Pitjantjatjara
pjt	sn	Pitjantjatjara language
pit	sn	Pitta Pitta
pit	sn	Pitta Pitta language
pmw	sn	Plains Miwok
pmw	sn	Plains Miwok language
npo	sn	Pochury
npo	sn	Pochury language
poy	sn	Pogoro
poy	sn	Pogoro language
poc	sn	Pokomam
poc	sn	Pokomam language
pkb	sn	Pokomo
pkb	sn	Pokomo language
poh	sn	Pokonchi
poh	sn	Pokonchi language
pox	sn	Polabian
pox	sn	Polabian language
pol	sn	Polish
pol	sn	Polish language
pon	sn	Ponape
pon	sn	Ponape language
pns	sn	Ponosakan
pns	sn	Ponosakan language
psw	sn	Port Sandwich
psw	sn	Port Sandwich language
por	sn	Portuguese
cpp	sn	Portuguese creole dialects
por	sn	Portuguese language
psr	sn	Portuguese Sign
psr	sn	Portuguese Sign Language
cuk	sn	Portun?ol
cuk	sn	Portun?ol dialects
hbo	sn	Post-Biblical Hebrew
pot	sn	Potawatomi
pot	sn	Potawatomi language
phr	sn	Po?t?hwa?ri?
phr	sn	Po?t?hwa?ri? dialect
pwr	sn	Powari
pwr	sn	Powari dialect
pim	sn	Powhatan
pim	sn	Powhatan language
pra	sn	Prakrit languages
prg	sn	Prussian
prg	sn	Prussian language
pue	sn	Puelche
pue	sn	Puelche language
pui	sn	Puinave
pui	sn	Puinave language
fuf	sn	Pular
fuf	sn	Pular dialect
puw	sn	Puluwat
puw	sn	Puluwat language
pmi	sn	Pumi
pmj	sn	Pumi
pmi	sn	Pumi language
pmj	sn	Pumi language
xpu	sn	Punic
xpu	sn	Punic language
puu	sn	Punu
puu	sn	Punu language
puo	sn	Puoc
puo	sn	Puoc language
puq	sn	Puquina
puq	sn	Puquina language
iar	sn	Purari
iar	sn	Purari language
prx	sn	Purik
prx	sn	Purik language
pad	sn	Purupuru
pad	sn	Purupuru language
pus	sn	Pushto
pus	sn	Pushto language
kjp	sn	Pwo Karen
kjt	sn	Pwo Karen
pwo	sn	Pwo Karen
pww	sn	Pwo Karen
kjp	sn	Pwo Karen language
kjt	sn	Pwo Karen language
pwo	sn	Pwo Karen language
pww	sn	Pwo Karen language
ktb	sn	Qebena
ktb	sn	Qebena dialect
hae	sn	Qottu
hae	sn	Qottu dialect
ahg	sn	Quara
ahg	sn	Quara language
fcs	sn	Quebec Sign
fcs	sn	Quebec Sign Language
que	sn	Quechua
que	sn	Quechua language
qya	sn	Quenya
qya	sn	Quenya (Artificial language)
quc	sn	Quiche?
quc	sn	Quiche? language
qui	sn	Quileute
qui	sn	Quileute language
qun	sn	Quinault
qun	sn	Quinault language
qyp	sn	Quinnipiac
qyp	sn	Quinnipiac language
pim	sn	Quioucohanock
pim	sn	Quioucohanock language
rah	sn	Rabha
rah	sn	Rabha language
asm	sn	Ra?bha?mija
asm	sn	Ra?bha?mija dialect
rad	sn	Rade
rad	sn	Rade language
xrr	sn	Raetian
xrr	sn	Raetian language
roh	sn	Raeto-Romance
roh	sn	Raeto-Romance language
aph	sn	Rai
aph	sn	Rai language
raj	sn	Rajasthani
raj	sn	Rajasthani language
rjs	sn	Rajbangsi
rjs	sn	Rajbangsi language
rma	sn	Rama
rma	sn	Rama language
rai	sn	Ramoaaina
rai	sn	Ramoaaina dialect
ljp	sn	Ranau
ljp	sn	Ranau language
rgk	sn	Rang Pas
rgk	sn	Rang Pas language
rah	sn	Rangdania
rah	sn	Rangdania dialect
lag	sn	Rangi
lag	sn	Rangi language
arn	sn	Ranquel
arn	sn	Ranquel dialect
rao	sn	Rao
rao	sn	Rao language
rap	sn	Rapanui
rap	sn	Rapanui language
rar	sn	Rarotongan
rar	sn	Rarotongan language
rth	sn	Ratahan
rth	sn	Ratahan language
bgd	sn	Rathvi
bgd	sn	Rathvi dialect
rwo	sn	Rawa
rwo	sn	Rawa language
raw	sn	Rawang
raw	sn	Rawang language
mui	sn	Rawas
mui	sn	Rawas dialect
rej	sn	Rejang
rej	sn	"Rejang (Sumatra, Indonesia)"
rej	sn	"Rejang language (Sumatra, Indonesia)"
rmb	sn	Rembarrnga
rmb	sn	Rembarrnga language
reb	sn	Rembong
reb	sn	Rembong language
rel	sn	Rendille
rel	sn	Rendille language
ren	sn	Rengao
ren	sn	Rengao language
nre	sn	Rengma
nre	sn	Rengma language
mnv	sn	Rennellese
mnv	sn	Rennellese language
rgr	sn	Resigero
rgr	sn	Resigero language
ril	sn	Riang-lang
ril	sn	Riang-lang language
rif	sn	Rif
rif	sn	Rif language
rkb	sn	Rikbaktsa
rkb	sn	Rikbaktsa language
rit	sn	Ritharrngu
rit	sn	Ritharrngu language
rgs	sn	Roglai
roc	sn	Roglai
rog	sn	Roglai
rgs	sn	Roglai language
roc	sn	Roglai language
rog	sn	Roglai language
rmm	sn	Roma
rmm	sn	Roma language
roa	sn	Romance languages
rom	sn	Romani
rom	sn	Romani language
ron	sn	Romanian
ron	sn	Romanian language
cla	sn	Ron
cla	sn	Ron language
rng	sn	Ronga
rng	sn	Ronga language
nbu	sn	Rongmei
nbu	sn	Rongmei dialect
rro	sn	Roro
rro	sn	Roro (New Guinea)
rro	sn	Roro language (New Guinea)
rgu	sn	Roti
rgu	sn	Roti language
roo	sn	Rotokas
roo	sn	Rotokas language
rtm	sn	Rotuman
rtm	sn	Rotuman language
rug	sn	Roviana
rug	sn	Roviana language
scb	sn	Ruc
scb	sn	Ruc language
bwg	sn	Rue
bwg	sn	Rue language
run	sn	Rundi
run	sn	Rundi language
rou	sn	Runga
rou	sn	Runga language
kya	sn	Ruri
kya	sn	Ruri language
rus	sn	Russian
rus	sn	Russian language
rut	sn	Rutul
rut	sn	Rutul language
rnd	sn	Ruund
rnd	sn	Ruund language
apb	sn	Saa
apb	sn	Saa language
str	sn	Saanich
str	sn	Saanich dialect
xsa	sn	Sabaean
xsa	sn	Sabaean language
spy	sn	Sabaot
spy	sn	Sabaot language
auc	sn	Sabela
auc	sn	Sabela language
srl	sn	Saberi
srl	sn	Saberi language
quv	sn	Sacapulteco
quv	sn	Sacapulteco language
sck	sn	Sadani
sck	sn	Sadani dialect
skb	sn	Saek
skb	sn	Saek language
sbk	sn	Safwa
sbk	sn	Safwa language
kki	sn	Sagara
kki	sn	Sagara language
cop	sn	Sahidic
cop	sn	Sahidic dialect
ssy	sn	Saho
ssy	sn	Saho language
saj	sn	Sahu
saj	sn	Sahu language
xsy	sn	Saisiyat
xsy	sn	Saisiyat language
tam	sn	Saiva Vellala
tam	sn	Saiva Vellala dialect
skg	sn	Sakalava
skg	sn	Sakalava dialect
skt	sn	Sakata
skt	sn	Sakata language
sku	sn	Sakau
sku	sn	Sakau language
skf	sn	Sakirabia?
skf	sn	Sakirabia? language
slx	sn	Salampasu
slx	sn	Salampasu language
slr	sn	Salar
slr	sn	Salar language
sbe	sn	Saliba
sbe	sn	Saliba (Papua New Guinea)
sbe	sn	Saliba language (Papua New Guinea)
sln	sn	Salinan
sln	sn	Salinan language
smi	sn	Salish
smi	sn	Salish language
sal	sn	Salishan languages
sbe	sn	Saliva
sbe	sn	Saliva language
loe	sn	Saluan
slb	sn	Saluan
loe	sn	Saluan language
slb	sn	Saluan language
ssb	sn	Sama Sibutu
ssb	sn	Sama Sibutu language
sam	sn	Samaritan Aramaic
sam	sn	Samaritan Aramaic language
smp	sn	Samaritan Hebrew
smp	sn	Samaritan Hebrew language
ndi	sn	Samba Leko
ndi	sn	Samba Leko language
sbl	sn	Sambali
xsb	sn	Sambali
sbl	sn	Sambali language
xsb	sn	Sambali language
ori	sn	Sambalpuri
ori	sn	Sambalpuri dialect
zlm	sn	Sambas
zlm	sn	Sambas dialect
saq	sn	Samburu
saq	sn	Samburu language
raq	sn	Sami
raq	sn	Sami language
sbd	sn	Samo (West Africa)
stj	sn	Samo (West Africa)
sym	sn	Samo (West Africa)
smq	sn	"Samo (Western Province, Papua New Guinea)"
sbd	sn	Samo language (West Africa)
stj	sn	Samo language (West Africa)
sym	sn	Samo language (West Africa)
smq	sn	"Samo language (Western Province, Papua New Guinea)"
smo	sn	Samoan
smo	sn	Samoan language
syd	sn	Samoyedic languages
rav	sn	Sampang
rav	sn	Sampang language
sad	sn	Sandawe
sad	sn	Sandawe language
sng	sn	Sanga
sng	sn	Sanga language
snl	sn	Sangil
snl	sn	Sangil language
sxn	sn	Sangir
sxn	sn	Sangir (Indonesia and Philippines)
sxn	sn	Sangir language (Indonesia and Philippines)
sag	sn	Sango (Ubangi Creole)
sag	sn	Sango language (Ubangi Creole)
nsa	sn	Sangtam
nsa	sn	Sangtam language
snq	sn	Sangu (Gabon)
sbp	sn	Sangu (Tanzania)
snq	sn	Sangu language (Gabon)
sbp	sn	Sangu language (Tanzania)
san	sn	Sanskrit
san	sn	Sanskrit language
san	sn	"Sanskrit language, Buddhist Hybrid"
san	sn	"Sanskrit language, Epigraphical Hybrid"
sat	sn	Santali
sat	sn	Santali language
dak	sn	Santee
dak	sn	Santee dialect
any	sn	Sanwi
any	sn	Sanwi dialect
sps	sn	Saposa
sps	sn	Saposa language
spu	sn	Sapuan
spu	sn	Sapuan language
sre	sn	Sara
sre	sn	Sara language
srm	sn	Saramaccan
srm	sn	Saramaccan language
mbs	sn	Sarangani Manobo
mbs	sn	Sarangani Manobo language
srd	sn	Sardinian
srd	sn	Sardinian language
srh	sn	Sarikoli
srh	sn	Sarikoli dialect
srs	sn	Sarsi
srs	sn	Sarsi language
uzn	sn	Sart
uzn	sn	Sart dialect
sas	sn	Sasak
sas	sn	Sasak language
kru	sn	Satawalese
kru	sn	Satawalese language
psu	sn	S?aurase?ni?
psu	sn	S?aurase?ni? language
saz	sn	Saurashtri
saz	sn	Saurashtri dialect
szw	sn	Sawai
szw	sn	Sawai language
swr	sn	Saweru
swr	sn	Saweru language
saw	sn	Sawi
saw	sn	Sawi language
gbf	sn	Sawos
gbf	sn	Sawos language
hvn	sn	Sawu
hvn	sn	Sawu language
pos	sn	Sayula
pos	sn	Sayula language
gmq	sn	Scandinavian languages
sco	sn	Scots
sco	sn	Scots language
gla	sn	Scottish Gaelic
gla	sn	Scottish Gaelic language
gul	sn	Sea Islands Creole
gul	sn	Sea Islands Creole dialect
sec	sn	Sechelt
sec	sn	Sechelt language
sey	sn	Secoya
sey	sn	Secoya language
sed	sn	Sedang
sed	sn	Sedang language
trv	sn	Sedik
trv	sn	Sedik language
ssg	sn	Seimat
ssg	sn	Seimat language
sek	sn	Sekani
sek	sn	Sekani language
spl	sn	Selepet
spl	sn	Selepet language
sel	sn	Selkup
sel	sn	Selkup language
nsm	sn	Sema
nsm	sn	Sema language
sea	sn	Semai
sea	sn	Semai language
kns	sn	Semang
kns	sn	Semang language
sos	sn	Sembla
sos	sn	Sembla language
sza	sn	Semelai
sza	sn	Semelai language
pse	sn	Semendo
pse	sn	Semendo dialect
mus	sn	Seminole
mus	sn	Seminole language
sem	sn	Semitic languages
seh	sn	Sena
seh	sn	Sena language
sef	sn	Senari
sef	sn	Senari language
see	sn	Seneca
see	sn	Seneca language
set	sn	Sentani
set	sn	Sentani language
afu	sn	Senya
afu	sn	Senya dialect
pse	sn	Serawai
pse	sn	Serawai language
srp	sn	Serbian
srp	sn	Serbian language
hbs	sn	Serbo-Croatian
hbs	sn	Serbo-Croatian language
zlm	sn	Serdang Malay
zlm	sn	Serdang Malay dialect
srr	sn	Serer
srr	sn	Serer language
sei	sn	Seri
sei	sn	Seri language
kkx	sn	Seruyan
kkx	sn	Seruyan language
est	sn	Setu
est	sn	Setu dialect
ksw	sn	Sgaw Karen
ksw	sn	Sgaw Karen language
ksb	sn	Shambala
ksb	sn	Shambala language
shn	sn	Shan
shn	sn	Shan language
mcd	sn	Sharanahua
mcd	sn	Sharanahua language
sht	sn	Shasta
sht	sn	Shasta language
sjw	sn	Shawnee
sjw	sn	Shawnee language
swv	sn	Shekhawati
swv	sn	Shekhawati dialect
bun	sn	Sherbro
bun	sn	Sherbro language
sdp	sn	Sherdukpen
sdp	sn	Sherdukpen language
xsr	sn	Sherpa
xsr	sn	Sherpa language
shr	sn	Shi
shr	sn	Shi language
bod	sn	Shigatse
bod	sn	Shigatse dialect
jbn	sn	Shilha
jbn	sn	Shilha language
shk	sn	Shilluk
shk	sn	Shilluk language
swb	sn	Shimaore
swb	sn	Shimaore dialect
scl	sn	Shina
scl	sn	Shina language
shp	sn	Shipibo-Conibo
shp	sn	Shipibo-Conibo language
sii	sn	Shompen
sii	sn	Shompen language
sna	sn	Shona
sna	sn	Shona language
cjs	sn	Shor
cjs	sn	Shor language
shh	sn	Shoshoni
shh	sn	Shoshoni language
jiv	sn	Shuar
jiv	sn	Shuar language
sgh	sn	Shughni
sgh	sn	Shughni dialect
shs	sn	Shuswap
shs	sn	Shuswap language
snp	sn	Siane
snp	sn	Siane language
sjr	sn	Siar-Lak
sjr	sn	Siar-Lak language
nco	sn	Sibo
nco	sn	Sibo language
cui	sn	Sicuane
cui	sn	Sicuane dialect
sid	sn	Sidamo
sid	sn	Sidamo language
guj	sn	Sidi
guj	sn	Sidi dialect
poi	sn	Sierra Popoluca
poi	sn	Sierra Popoluca language
lew	sn	Sigi
lew	sn	Sigi language
ski	sn	Sikka
ski	sn	Sikka language
bla	sn	Siksika
bla	sn	Siksika language
zlm	sn	Siladang
zlm	sn	Siladang dialect
stv	sn	Silte
stv	sn	Silte language
bts	sn	Simelungun
bts	sn	Simelungun dialect
smr	sn	Simeulue
smr	sn	Simeulue language
smt	sn	Simte
smt	sn	Simte language
snc	sn	Sinagoro
snc	sn	Sinagoro language
liw	sn	Sindang Kelingi
liw	sn	Sindang Kelingi language
sjn	sn	Sindarin
sjn	sn	Sindarin (Artificial language)
snd	sn	Sindhi
snd	sn	Sindhi language
sgp	sn	Singpho
sgp	sn	Singpho language
sin	sn	Sinhalese
sin	sn	Sinhalese language
sit	sn	Sino-Tibetan languages
xsi	sn	Sio
xsi	sn	Sio language
snn	sn	Sioni
snn	sn	Sioni language
sio	sn	Siouan languages
qum	sn	Sipacapense
qum	sn	Sipacapense language
swj	sn	Sira
swj	sn	Sira language
skr	sn	Siraiki
skr	sn	Sira?iki? Hindki?
skr	sn	Sira?iki? Hindki? dialect
skr	sn	Siraiki language
skr	sn	Sira?iki? Sindhi?
skr	sn	Sira?iki? Sindhi? dialect
sri	sn	Siriano
sri	sn	Siriano language
ysr	sn	Sirinek
ysr	sn	Sirinek language
srx	sn	Sirmauri
srx	sn	Sirmauri dialect
ssd	sn	Siroi
ssd	sn	Siroi language
sld	sn	Sissala
sld	sn	Sissala language
sso	sn	Sissano
sso	sn	Sissano language
sis	sn	Siuslaw
sis	sn	Siuslaw language
siy	sn	Sivandi
siy	sn	Sivandi language
siz	sn	Siwa
siz	sn	Siwa language
siw	sn	Siwai
siw	sn	Siwai language
csy	sn	Siyin
csy	sn	Siyin language
sms	sn	Skolt Sami
sms	sn	Skolt Sami dialect
skv	sn	Skou
skv	sn	Skou language
scs	sn	Slave
xsl	sn	Slave
scs	sn	Slave language
xsl	sn	Slave language
sla	sn	Slavic languages
slk	sn	Slovak
slk	sn	Slovak language
slv	sn	Slovenian
slv	sn	Slovenian language
csb	sn	Slovincian
csb	sn	Slovincian dialect
sno	sn	Snohomish
sno	sn	Snohomish language
teu	sn	So
teu	sn	So (Uganda)
teu	sn	So language (Uganda)
sob	sn	Sobei
sob	sn	Sobei language
tlv	sn	Sobojo
tlv	sn	Sobojo language
xog	sn	Soga
xog	sn	Soga language
sog	sn	Sogdian
sog	sn	Sogdian language
sqt	sn	Sokotri
sqt	sn	Sokotri language
sle	sn	Soliga
sle	sn	Soliga dialect
evn	sn	Solon
evn	sn	Solon dialect
som	sn	Somali
som	sn	Somali language
tbz	sn	Somba
tbz	sn	Somba language
jma	sn	Sona (Papua New Guinea)
soq	sn	Sona (Papua New Guinea)
jma	sn	Sona language (Papua New Guinea)
soq	sn	Sona language (Papua New Guinea)
sop	sn	Songye
sop	sn	Songye language
snk	sn	Soninke
snk	sn	Soninke language
sov	sn	Sonsorol-Tobi
tox	sn	Sonsorol-Tobi
sov	sn	Sonsorol-Tobi language
tox	sn	Sonsorol-Tobi language
srb	sn	Sora
srb	sn	Sora language
wen	sn	Sorbian languages
kle	sn	Sotang Kura
kle	sn	Sotang Kura dialect
sot	sn	Sotho
sot	sn	Sotho language
sfs	sn	South African Sign
sfs	sn	South African Sign Language
erk	sn	South Efate
erk	sn	South Efate language
pom	sn	Southeastern Pomo
pom	sn	Southeastern Pomo language
aoj	sn	Southern Arapesh
aoj	sn	Southern Arapesh language
bkb	sn	Southern Bontoc
bkb	sn	Southern Bontoc dialect
ksc	sn	Southern Kalinga
ksc	sn	Southern Kalinga language
kca	sn	Southern Khanty
kca	sn	Southern Khanty dialect
nan	sn	Southern Min
nan	sn	Southern Min dialects
mif	sn	Southern Mofu
mif	sn	Southern Mofu language
ute	sn	Southern Paiute
ute	sn	Southern Paiute language
sma	sn	Southern Sami
sma	sn	Southern Sami dialect
laa	sn	Southern Subanen
laa	sn	Southern Subanen dialect
sou	sn	Southern Thai
sou	sn	Southern Thai language
tce	sn	Southern Tutchone
tce	sn	Southern Tutchone language
spa	sn	Spanish
spa	sn	Spanish language
ssp	sn	Spanish Sign
ssp	sn	Spanish Sign Language
spo	sn	Spokane
spo	sn	Spokane language
squ	sn	Squawmish
squ	sn	Squawmish language
srn	sn	Sranan
srn	sn	Sranan language
kpm	sn	Sre?
kpm	sn	Sre? dialect
hur	sn	Stalo
hur	sn	Stalo language
sti	sn	Stieng
stt	sn	Stieng
sti	sn	Stieng language
stt	sn	Stieng language
srp	sn	S?tokavian
srp	sn	S?tokavian dialect
swp	sn	Suau
swp	sn	Suau language
sxb	sn	Suba
sxb	sn	Suba language
sbs	sn	Subiya
sbs	sn	Subiya language
sue	sn	Suena
sue	sn	Suena language
swi	sn	Sui
swi	sn	Sui language
pko	sn	Suk
pko	sn	Suk language
sub	sn	Suku
sub	sn	Suku (Congo)
sub	sn	Suku language (Congo)
suk	sn	Sukuma
suk	sn	Sukuma language
sua	sn	Sulka
sua	sn	Sulka language
srg	sn	Sulod
srg	sn	Sulod language
tsg	sn	Sulu
tsg	sn	Sulu language
suv	sn	Sulung
suv	sn	Sulung language
smw	sn	Sumbawa
smw	sn	Sumbawa language
sux	sn	Sumerian
sux	sn	Sumerian language
sum	sn	Sumo
sum	sn	Sumo language
sun	sn	Sundanese
sun	sn	Sundanese language
suz	sn	Sunwar
suz	sn	Sunwar language
spp	sn	Suppire
spp	sn	Suppire language
squ	sn	Suquamish
squ	sn	Suquamish language
hns	sn	Suriname Hindustani
hns	sn	Suriname Hindustani language
sgz	sn	Sursurunga
sgz	sn	Sursurunga language
sqn	sn	Susquehanna
sqn	sn	Susquehanna language
sus	sn	Susu
sus	sn	Susu language
swu	sn	Suwawa
swu	sn	Suwawa language
sva	sn	Svan
sva	sn	Svan language
swh	sn	Swahili
swh	sn	Swahili language
ssw	sn	Swazi
ssw	sn	Swazi language
swe	sn	Swedish
swe	sn	Swedish language
swl	sn	Swedish Sign
swl	sn	Swedish Sign Language
shz	sn	Sye?nara
shz	sn	Sye?nara language
mns	sn	Sygvinskii?
mns	sn	Sygvinskii? dialect
syl	sn	Sylheti
syl	sn	Sylheti dialect
syr	sn	Syriac
syr	sn	Syriac language
aii	sn	"Syriac language, Modern"
aii	sn	"Syriac, Modern"
hun	sn	Sze?kely
hun	sn	Sze?kely dialect
tab	sn	Tabasaran
tab	sn	Tabasaran language
tnm	sn	Tabla
tnm	sn	Tabla language
tap	sn	Tabwa
tap	sn	Tabwa language
tna	sn	Tacana
tna	sn	Tacana (Bolivia)
tna	sn	Tacana language (Bolivia)
ncz	sn	Taensa
ncz	sn	Taensa language
bgs	sn	Tagabawa Manobo
bgs	sn	Tagabawa Manobo language
klg	sn	Tagakaolo
klg	sn	Tagakaolo language
tgl	sn	Tagalog
tgl	sn	Tagalog language
tgw	sn	Tagbana
tgw	sn	Tagbana language
tbw	sn	Tagbanua
tbw	sn	Tagbanua language
dap	sn	Tagin
dap	sn	Tagin language
tgx	sn	Tagish
tgx	sn	Tagish language
tag	sn	Tagoi
tag	sn	Tagoi language
tgo	sn	Tagula
tgo	sn	Tagula language
tah	sn	Tahitian
tah	sn	Tahitian language
tai	sn	Tai languages
tdd	sn	Tai Nu?a
tdd	sn	Tai Nu?a language
tai	sn	Tai-Kadai languages
mlg	sn	Taimoro
mlg	sn	Taimoro dialect
tnq	sn	Taino
tnq	sn	Taino language
omw	sn	Tairora
tbg	sn	Tairora
omw	sn	Tairora language
tbg	sn	Tairora language
dav	sn	Taita
dav	sn	Taita language
bsn	sn	Taiwano
bsn	sn	Taiwano dialect
tgk	sn	Tajik
tgk	sn	Tajik language
tkm	sn	Takelma
tkm	sn	Takelma language
nho	sn	Takuu
nho	sn	Takuu language
tld	sn	Talaud
tld	sn	Talaud language
tlj	sn	Talinga-Bwisi
tlj	sn	Talinga-Bwisi language
tlr	sn	Talise
tlr	sn	Talise language
hbo	sn	Talmudic Hebrew
tly	sn	Talysh
tly	sn	Talysh language
thz	sn	Tamajaq
ttq	sn	Tamajaq
thz	sn	Tamajaq language
ttq	sn	Tamajaq language
tmn	sn	Taman
tmn	sn	Taman (Indonesia)
tmn	sn	Taman language (Indonesia)
tmh	sn	Tamashek
tmh	sn	Tamashek language
tia	sn	Tamazight
tjo	sn	Tamazight
tzm	sn	Tamazight
tia	sn	Tamazight language
tjo	sn	Tamazight language
tzm	sn	Tamazight language
tmy	sn	Tami
tmy	sn	Tami language
tam	sn	Tamil
tam	sn	Tamil language
tpm	sn	Tampulma
tpm	sn	Tampulma language
gvr	sn	Tamu
gvr	sn	Tamu language
tcb	sn	Tanacross
tcb	sn	Tanacross language
taa	sn	Tanana
tau	sn	Tanana
taa	sn	Tanana language
tau	sn	Tanana language
tgg	sn	Tanga
tgg	sn	Tanga (Tanga Islands)
tgg	sn	Tanga language (Tanga Islands)
tan	sn	Tangale
tan	sn	Tangale language
nmf	sn	Tangkhul
nmf	sn	Tangkhul language
nst	sn	Tangsa
nst	sn	Tangsa language
txg	sn	Tangut
txg	sn	Tangut language
pla	sn	Tani
tnh	sn	Tani
pla	sn	Tani language
tnh	sn	Tani language
ynu	sn	Tanimuca-Retuama
ynu	sn	Tanimuca-Retuama language
nwi	sn	Tanna
tnn	sn	Tanna
nwi	sn	Tanna language
tnn	sn	Tanna language
abq	sn	Tapanta
abq	sn	Tapanta dialect
mrs	sn	Tape
mrs	sn	Tape language
taf	sn	Tapirape?
taf	sn	Tapirape? language
tre	sn	Tarangan
txn	sn	Tarangan
tre	sn	Tarangan language
txn	sn	Tarangan language
tsz	sn	Tarascan
tsz	sn	Tarascan language
tae	sn	Tariana
tae	sn	Tariana language
yer	sn	Tarok
yer	sn	Tarok language
ttt	sn	Tat
ttt	sn	Tat language
txx	sn	Tatana?
txx	sn	Tatana? language
tat	sn	Tatar
tat	sn	Tatar language
blk	sn	Taungthu
blk	sn	Taungthu language
aoc	sn	Taurepan
aoc	sn	Taurepan dialect
tsg	sn	Tausug
tsg	sn	Tausug language
tya	sn	Tauya
tya	sn	Tauya language
tbo	sn	Tavara
tbo	sn	Tavara (Papua New Guinea)
tbo	sn	Tavara language (Papua New Guinea)
tvs	sn	Taveta
tvs	sn	Taveta language
sum	sn	Tawahka
sum	sn	Tawahka (Honduras)
sum	sn	Tawahka dialect (Honduras)
twy	sn	Tawoyan
twy	sn	Tawoyan language
nut	sn	Tay-Nung
nut	sn	Tay-Nung language
cks	sn	Tayo
cks	sn	Tayo language
tbl	sn	Tboli
tbl	sn	Tboli language
kqo	sn	Tchien
kqo	sn	Tchien language
ttc	sn	Tectiteco
ttc	sn	Tectiteco language
tuq	sn	Tedaga
tuq	sn	Tedaga language
lor	sn	Te?e?n
lor	sn	Te?e?n dialect
jav	sn	Tegal
jav	sn	Tegal dialect
kps	sn	Tehit
kps	sn	Tehit language
teg	sn	Teke
teg	sn	Teke language
tlf	sn	Telefol
tlf	sn	Telefol language
atv	sn	Teleut
atv	sn	Teleut dialect
tel	sn	Telugu
tel	sn	Telugu language
kdh	sn	Tem
kdh	sn	Tem language
tbt	sn	Tembo
tbt	sn	"Tembo (Sud-Kivu, Congo)"
tbt	sn	"Tembo language (Sud-Kivu, Congo)"
tea	sn	Temiar
tea	sn	Temiar language
tem	sn	Temne
tem	sn	Temne language
tqb	sn	Tenetehara
tqb	sn	Tenetehara language
tes	sn	Tengger
tes	sn	Tengger dialect
pah	sn	Tenharim
pah	sn	Tenharim language
njm	sn	Tenyidie
njm	sn	Tenyidie dialect
tio	sn	Teop
tio	sn	Teop language
tee	sn	Tepehua
tpp	sn	Tepehua
tpt	sn	Tepehua
tee	sn	Tepehua language
tpp	sn	Tepehua language
tpt	sn	Tepehua language
tnm	sn	Tepera
tnm	sn	Tepera dialect
ted	sn	Tepo
ted	sn	Tepo language
ttr	sn	Tera
ttr	sn	Tera language
ter	sn	Terena
ter	sn	Terena language
tft	sn	Ternate
tft	sn	Ternate language
tfr	sn	Terraba
tfr	sn	Terraba language
teo	sn	Teso
teo	sn	Teso language
tll	sn	Tetela
tll	sn	Tetela language
tet	sn	Tetum
tet	sn	Tetum language
tew	sn	Tewa
tew	sn	Tewa language
tcz	sn	Tha?do
tcz	sn	Tha?do language
tha	sn	Thai
tha	sn	Thai language
tsq	sn	Thai Sign
tsq	sn	Thai Sign Language
ths	sn	Thakali
ths	sn	Thakali language
thf	sn	Thami
thf	sn	Thami language
ssf	sn	Thao
ssf	sn	Thao language
thk	sn	Tharaka
thk	sn	Tharaka language
dhr	sn	Tharrkari
dhr	sn	Tharrkari language
the	sn	Tharu
thq	sn	Tharu
thr	sn	Tharu
the	sn	Tharu language
thq	sn	Tharu language
thr	sn	Tharu language
thd	sn	Thayore
thd	sn	Thayore language
tou	sn	Tho
tou	sn	Tho language
txh	sn	Thracian
txh	sn	Thracian language
tdh	sn	Thulung
tdh	sn	Thulung language
bod	sn	Tibetan
bod	sn	Tibetan language
tbq	sn	Tibeto-Burman languages
ctd	sn	Tiddim Chin
ctd	sn	Tiddim Chin dialect
tid	sn	Tidong
tid	sn	Tidong dialects
tvo	sn	Tidore
tvo	sn	Tidore language
tiq	sn	Tie?fo
tiq	sn	Tie?fo language
tif	sn	Tifal
tif	sn	Tifal language
tgc	sn	Tigak
tgc	sn	Tigak language
tig	sn	Tigre?
tig	sn	Tigre? language
tir	sn	Tigrinya
tir	sn	Tigrinya language
tik	sn	Tikar
tik	sn	Tikar language
tkp	sn	Tikopia
tkp	sn	Tikopia language
gor	sn	Tilamuta
gor	sn	Tilamuta dialect
til	sn	Tillamook
til	sn	Tillamook language
tim	sn	Timbe
tim	sn	Timbe language
bkx	sn	Timor
bkx	sn	Timor language
tjm	sn	Timucua
tjm	sn	Timucua language
tih	sn	Timugon
tih	sn	Timugon language
xsb	sn	Tina Sambal
xsb	sn	Tina Sambal dialect
tin	sn	Tindi
tin	sn	Tindi language
ity	sn	Tinggian
tiu	sn	Tinggian
ity	sn	Tinggian language
tiu	sn	Tinggian language
tpz	sn	Tinputz
tpz	sn	Tinputz language
cir	sn	Tinrin
cir	sn	Tinrin language
ida	sn	Tiriki
ida	sn	Tiriki dialect
tiy	sn	Tiruray
tiy	sn	Tiruray language
tiv	sn	Tiv
tiv	sn	Tiv language
lax	sn	Tiwa
lax	sn	Tiwa language
tiw	sn	Tiwi
tiw	sn	Tiwi (Australia)
tiw	sn	Tiwi language (Australia)
wac	sn	Tlakluit
wac	sn	Tlakluit language
tcf	sn	Tlapanec
tpc	sn	Tlapanec
tpl	sn	Tlapanec
tpx	sn	Tlapanec
tcf	sn	Tlapanec language
tpc	sn	Tlapanec language
tpl	sn	Tlapanec language
tpx	sn	Tlapanec language
mlu	sn	To'abaita
mlu	sn	To'abaita language
tqo	sn	Toaripi
tqo	sn	Toaripi language
tob	sn	Toba (Indian)
tob	sn	Toba language (Indian)
bbc	sn	Toba-Batak
bbc	sn	Toba-Batak dialect
tlb	sn	Tobelo
tlb	sn	Tobelo language
bud	sn	Tobote
bud	sn	Tobote language
tcx	sn	Toda
tcx	sn	Toda (India)
tcx	sn	Toda language (India)
kim	sn	Tofa
kim	sn	"Tofa (Irkutskai?a oblast?, Russia)"
kim	sn	"Tofa language (Irkutskai?a oblast?, Russia)"
tfi	sn	Tofingbe
tfi	sn	Tofingbe dialect
ood	sn	Tohono O'odham
ood	sn	Tohono O'odham dialect
toj	sn	Tojolabal
toj	sn	Tojolabal language
tpi	sn	Tok Pisin
tpi	sn	Tok Pisin language
tkl	sn	Tokelauan
tkl	sn	Tokelauan language
txb	sn	Tokharian
xto	sn	Tokharian
txb	sn	Tokharian language
xto	sn	Tokharian language
ksd	sn	Tolai
ksd	sn	Tolai language
lbw	sn	Tolaki
lbw	sn	Tolaki language
txe	sn	Tolitoli
txe	sn	Tolitoli language
tod	sn	Toma
tod	sn	Toma language
txa	sn	Tombonuwo
txa	sn	Tombonuwo language
tom	sn	Tombulu
tom	sn	Tombulu language
tdn	sn	Tondano
tdn	sn	Tondano language
khq	sn	Tondi Songway Kiini
khq	sn	Tondi Songway Kiini dialect
toh	sn	Tonga (Inhambane)
tog	sn	Tonga (Nyasa)
toh	sn	Tonga language (Inhambane)
tog	sn	Tonga language (Nyasa)
ton	sn	Tongan
ton	sn	Tongan language
tli	sn	Tongass
tli	sn	Tongass dialect
tqw	sn	Tonkawa
tqw	sn	Tonkawa language
txs	sn	Tonsea
txs	sn	Tonsea language
tnt	sn	Tontemboan
tnt	sn	Tontemboan language
ttj	sn	Tooro
ttj	sn	Tooro language
toq	sn	Toposa
toq	sn	Toposa language
sda	sn	Toraja
sda	sn	Toraja language
sda	sn	Toraja Sa'dan
sda	sn	Toraja Sa'dan language
xal	sn	Torgut
xal	sn	Torgut dialect
trw	sn	Torwali
trw	sn	Torwali language
tri	sn	Trio
tri	sn	Trio language
trc	sn	Trique
trq	sn	Trique
trs	sn	Trique
trc	sn	Trique language
trq	sn	Trique language
trs	sn	Trique language
tpy	sn	Trumai
tpy	sn	Trumai language
atb	sn	Tsaiwa
atb	sn	Tsaiwa language
tkr	sn	Tsakhur
tkr	sn	Tsakhur language
tsd	sn	Tsakonian
tsd	sn	Tsakonian dialect
tsb	sn	Tsamai
tsb	sn	Tsamai language
bea	sn	Tsattine
bea	sn	Tsattine language
xmw	sn	Tsimihety
xmw	sn	Tsimihety dialect
tsi	sn	Tsimshian
tsi	sn	Tsimshian language
tsv	sn	Tsogo
tsv	sn	Tsogo language
tso	sn	Tsonga
tso	sn	Tsonga language
tsu	sn	Tsou
tsu	sn	Tsou language
tsc	sn	Tswa
tsc	sn	Tswa language
tsn	sn	Tswana
tsn	sn	Tswana language
pmt	sn	Tuamotuan
pmt	sn	Tuamotuan language
tub	sn	Tubatulabal
tub	sn	Tubatulabal language
tte	sn	Tubetube
tte	sn	Tubetube language
tuo	sn	Tucano
tuo	sn	Tucano language
tca	sn	Tucuna
tca	sn	Tucuna language
tuy	sn	Tugen
tuy	sn	Tugen dialect
tji	sn	Tujia
tjs	sn	Tujia
tji	sn	Tujia language
tjs	sn	Tujia language
bhq	sn	Tukangbesi
khc	sn	Tukangbesi
bhq	sn	Tukangbesi language
khc	sn	Tukangbesi language
tcy	sn	Tulu
tcy	sn	Tulu language
duu	sn	Tulung
duu	sn	Tulung language
tmc	sn	Tumak
tmc	sn	Tumak language
tum	sn	Tumbuka
tum	sn	Tumbuka language
tmq	sn	Tumleo
tmq	sn	Tumleo language
tbn	sn	Tunebo
tnb	sn	Tunebo
tnd	sn	Tunebo
tuf	sn	Tunebo
tbn	sn	Tunebo language
tnb	sn	Tunebo language
tnd	sn	Tunebo language
tuf	sn	Tunebo language
baz	sn	Tunen
baz	sn	Tunen language
tuw	sn	Tungus-Manchu languages
tun	sn	Tunica
tun	sn	Tunica language
tqq	sn	Tunni
tqq	sn	Tunni language
tpw	sn	Tupi
tpw	sn	Tupi language
tup	sn	Tupi languages
tui	sn	Tupuri
tui	sn	Tupuri language
neb	sn	Tura
neb	sn	Tura language
tuz	sn	Turka
tuz	sn	Turka language
tuv	sn	Turkana
tuv	sn	Turkana language
trk	sn	Turkic languages
tur	sn	Turkish
tur	sn	Turkish language
tuk	sn	Turkmen
tuk	sn	Turkmen language
tus	sn	Tuscarora
tus	sn	Tuscarora language
tsp	sn	Tusia
wib	sn	Tusia
tsp	sn	Tusia language
wib	sn	Tusia language
tta	sn	Tutelo
tta	sn	Tutelo language
bsb	sn	Tutong
bsb	sn	Tutong language
tvt	sn	Tutsa
tvt	sn	Tutsa language
tmi	sn	Tutuba
tmi	sn	Tutuba language
tvl	sn	Tuvaluan
tvl	sn	Tuvaluan language
tyv	sn	Tuvinian
tyv	sn	Tuvinian language
ifk	sn	Tuwali
ifk	sn	Tuwali dialect
tue	sn	Tuyuca
tue	sn	Tuyuca language
twi	sn	Twi
twi	sn	Twi language
sef	sn	Tyembara
sef	sn	Tyembara dialect
tzh	sn	Tzeltal
tzh	sn	Tzeltal language
teh	sn	Tzoneca
teh	sn	Tzoneca language
tzo	sn	Tzotzil
tzo	sn	Tzotzil language
tzj	sn	Tzutuhil
tzj	sn	Tzutuhil language
ksj	sn	Uare
ksj	sn	Uare language
ubr	sn	Ubir
ubr	sn	Ubir language
uby	sn	Ubykh
uby	sn	Ubykh language
ude	sn	Udekhe
ude	sn	Udekhe language
udi	sn	Udi
udi	sn	Udi language
udm	sn	Udmurt
udm	sn	Udmurt language
udu	sn	Uduk
udu	sn	Uduk language
ems	sn	Ugalakmiut
ems	sn	Ugalakmiut dialect
uga	sn	Ugaritic
uga	sn	Ugaritic language
uig	sn	Uighur
uig	sn	Uighur language
nmf	sn	Ukhrul
nmf	sn	Ukhrul dialect
bld	sn	Uki
bld	sn	Uki dialect
ukr	sn	Ukrainian
ukr	sn	Ukrainian language
apb	sn	Ulawa
apb	sn	Ulawa language
udl	sn	Uldeme
udl	sn	Uldeme language
li	sn	Ulithi
li	sn	Ulithi language
zlm	sn	Ulu Terengganu
zlm	sn	Ulu Terengganu dialect
sum	sn	Ulva
sum	sn	Ulva dialect
ppk	sn	Uma
ppk	sn	Uma language
xum	sn	Umbrian
xum	sn	Umbrian language
umb	sn	Umbundu
umb	sn	Umbundu language
umo	sn	Umotina
umo	sn	Umotina language
ump	sn	Umpila
ump	sn	Umpila language
mtg	sn	Una
mtg	sn	Una language
unz	sn	Unde Kaili
unz	sn	Unde Kaili language
ulu	sn	Upper Baram Kenyah
xkl	sn	Upper Baram Kenyah
ulu	sn	Upper Baram Kenyah language
xkl	sn	Upper Baram Kenyah language
cjh	sn	Upper Chehalis
cjh	sn	Upper Chehalis language
kuu	sn	Upper Kuskokwim
kuu	sn	Upper Kuskokwim language
hsb	sn	Upper Sorbian
hsb	sn	Upper Sorbian language
tau	sn	Upper Tanana
tau	sn	Upper Tanana language
kgh	sn	Upper Tanudan Kalinga
kgh	sn	Upper Tanudan Kalinga language
uur	sn	Ura
uur	sn	Ura (Vanuatu)
uur	sn	Ura language (Vanuatu)
urk	sn	Urak Lawoi?
urk	sn	Urak Lawoi? language
url	sn	Urali
url	sn	Urali language
urj	sn	Uralic languages
ura	sn	Urarina
ura	sn	Urarina language
xur	sn	Urartian
xur	sn	Urartian language
urd	sn	Urdu
urd	sn	Urdu language
urh	sn	Urhobo
urh	sn	Urhobo language
uvh	sn	Urii
uvh	sn	Urii language
uri	sn	Urim
uri	sn	Urim language
upv	sn	Uripiv
upv	sn	Uripiv language
urc	sn	Urningangg
urc	sn	Urningangg language
ure	sn	Uru
ure	sn	Uru language
urb	sn	Urubu
urb	sn	Urubu Kaapor
urb	sn	Urubu Kaapor language
urb	sn	Urubu language
wnu	sn	Usan
wnu	sn	Usan language
usa	sn	Usarufa
usa	sn	Usarufa language
usp	sn	Uspanteca
usp	sn	Uspanteca language
ute	sn	Ute
ute	sn	Ute language
azc	sn	Uto-Aztecan languages
hau	sn	Uwana
hau	sn	Uwana language
uzb	sn	Uzbek
uzb	sn	Uzbek language
vaa	sn	Vaagri Boli
vaa	sn	Vaagri Boli language
vag	sn	Vagala
vag	sn	Vagala language
vai	sn	Vai
vai	sn	Vai language
vap	sn	Vaiphei
vap	sn	Vaiphei language
van	sn	Valman
van	sn	Valman language
xvn	sn	Vandal
xvn	sn	Vandal language
vah	sn	Varhadi-Nagpuri
vah	sn	Varhadi-Nagpuri dialect
dic	sn	Vata
dic	sn	Vata language
gri	sn	Vaturanga
gri	sn	Vaturanga language
frp	sn	Vaudois
frp	sn	Vaudois dialect
vay	sn	Vayu
vay	sn	Vayu dialect
ved	sn	Veddah
ved	sn	Veddah (Sinhalese)
ved	sn	Veddah language (Sinhalese)
dlm	sn	Vegliote
dlm	sn	Vegliote dialect
wlv	sn	Vejoz
wlv	sn	Vejoz language
ven	sn	Venda
ven	sn	Venda language
xve	sn	Venetic
xve	sn	Venetic language
vsl	sn	Venezuelan Sign
vsl	sn	Venezuelan Sign Language
vep	sn	Veps
vep	sn	Veps language
vie	sn	Vietnamese
vie	sn	Vietnamese language
vig	sn	Vige
vig	sn	Vige language
vil	sn	Vilela
vil	sn	Vilela language
vif	sn	Vili
vif	sn	Vili language
vot	sn	Votic
vot	sn	Votic language
mug	sn	Vulum
mug	sn	Vulum dialect
vun	sn	Vunjo
vun	sn	Vunjo language
vut	sn	Vute
vut	sn	Vute language
wbm	sn	Wa
wbm	sn	Wa language
wwa	sn	Waama
wwa	sn	Waama language
waj	sn	Waffa
waj	sn	Waffa language
wbr	sn	Wagdi
wbr	sn	Wagdi dialect
waq	sn	Wageman
waq	sn	Wageman language
wgi	sn	Wahgi
wgi	sn	Wahgi dialect
wbk	sn	Waigali
wbk	sn	Waigali language
wmh	sn	Waima'a
wmh	sn	Waima'a language
waw	sn	Waiwai
waw	sn	Waiwai language
wja	sn	Waja
wja	sn	Waja language
wak	sn	Wakashan languages
wkw	sn	Wakawaka
wkw	sn	Wakawaka language
wbl	sn	Wakhi
wbl	sn	Wakhi language
wln	sn	Walloon
wln	sn	Walloon dialect
wmt	sn	Walmajarri
wmt	sn	Walmajarri language
wae	sn	Walser
wae	sn	Walser language
wms	sn	Wambon
wms	sn	Wambon language
wme	sn	Wambule
wme	sn	Wambule language
wam	sn	Wampanoag
wam	sn	Wampanoag language
lbq	sn	Wampar
lbq	sn	Wampar language
nnp	sn	Wancho
nnp	sn	Wancho language
mfi	sn	Wandala
mfi	sn	Wandala language
wad	sn	Wandamen
wad	sn	Wandamen language
wnd	sn	Wandarang
wnd	sn	Wandarang language
wne	sn	Wanetsi
wne	sn	Wanetsi dialect
wgg	sn	Wangganguru
wgg	sn	Wangganguru language
nbx	sn	Wangkumara (Galali)
nbx	sn	Wangkumara (Galali) dialect
dhg	sn	Wan?guri
dhg	sn	Wan?guri language
wbt	sn	Wanman
wbt	sn	Wanman language
wnc	sn	Wantoat
wnc	sn	Wantoat language
wao	sn	Wappo
wao	sn	Wappo dialect
aml	sn	War
aml	sn	War dialect
wba	sn	Warao
wba	sn	Warao language
wra	sn	Warapu
wra	sn	Warapu language
wrz	sn	Waray
wrz	sn	Waray language
wrr	sn	Wardaman
wrr	sn	Wardaman language
wsa	sn	Warembori
wsa	sn	Warembori language
wrs	sn	Waris
wrs	sn	Waris language
wri	sn	Wariyangga
wri	sn	Wariyangga language
wbp	sn	Warlpiri
wbp	sn	Warlpiri language
wrp	sn	Waropen
wrp	sn	Waropen language
wwr	sn	Warrwa
wwr	sn	Warrwa language
wrm	sn	Warumungu
wrm	sn	Warumungu language
wac	sn	Wasco
wac	sn	Wasco language
kmo	sn	Washkuk
kmo	sn	Washkuk language
was	sn	Washo
was	sn	Washo language
ata	sn	Wasi
ata	sn	Wasi language
wsk	sn	Waskia
wsk	sn	Waskia language
wbv	sn	Watjari
wbv	sn	Watjari language
noa	sn	Waunana
noa	sn	Waunana language
aaq	sn	Wawenock
aaq	sn	Wawenock language
oym	sn	Wayampi
oym	sn	Wayampi language
way	sn	Wayana
way	sn	Wayana language
wed	sn	Wedau
wed	sn	Wedau language
cym	sn	Welsh
cym	sn	Welsh language
wem	sn	Weme-Gbe
wem	sn	Weme-Gbe language
bsk	sn	Werchikwar
bsk	sn	Werchikwar dialect
wei	sn	Were
wei	sn	Were language
hye	sn	West Armenian
hye	sn	West Armenian dialect
mqs	sn	West Makian
mqs	sn	West Makian language
apw	sn	Western Apache
apw	sn	Western Apache language
are	sn	Western Arrernte
are	sn	Western Arrernte language
mbb	sn	Western Bukidnon Manobo
mbb	sn	Western Bukidnon Manobo language
dnw	sn	Western Dani
dnw	sn	Western Dani language
raf	sn	Western Meohang
raf	sn	Western Meohang language
bho	sn	Western Standard Bhojpuri
bho	sn	Western Standard Bhojpuri dialect
suc	sn	Western Subanon
suc	sn	Western Subanon dialect
ybe	sn	Western Yugur
ybe	sn	Western Yugur language
wew	sn	Wewewa
wew	sn	Wewewa dialect
mww	sn	White Hmong
mww	sn	White Hmong dialect
apw	sn	White Mountain Apache
apw	sn	White Mountain Apache dialect
twh	sn	White Tai
twh	sn	White Tai language
wic	sn	Wichita
wic	sn	Wichita language
yok	sn	Wikchamni
yok	sn	Wikchamni dialect
wim	sn	Wik-Mungkan
wim	sn	Wik-Mungkan language
win	sn	Winnebago
win	sn	Winnebago language
wit	sn	Wintu
wit	sn	Wintu language
wrh	sn	Wiradjuri
wrh	sn	Wiradjuri language
wiw	sn	Wirangu
wiw	sn	Wirangu language
wiu	sn	Wiru
wiu	sn	Wiru language
hto	sn	Witoto
huu	sn	Witoto
hux	sn	Witoto
hto	sn	Witoto language
huu	sn	Witoto language
hux	sn	Witoto language
wiy	sn	Wiyot
wiy	sn	Wiyot language
wob	sn	Wobe
wob	sn	Wobe language
xwc	sn	Woccon
xwc	sn	Woccon language
fuq	sn	Wodaabe
fuq	sn	Wodaabe dialect
woc	sn	Wogeo
woc	sn	Wogeo language
woi	sn	Woisika
woi	sn	Woisika language
apz	sn	Wojokeso
apz	sn	Wojokeso dialect
wal	sn	Wolayta
wal	sn	Wolayta language
woe	sn	Woleai
woe	sn	Woleai language
wlo	sn	Wolio
wlo	sn	Wolio language
wol	sn	Wolof
wol	sn	Wolof language
wyb	sn	Wongaibon
wyb	sn	Wongaibon language
unp	sn	Worora
unp	sn	Worora language
wsv	sn	Wotapuri-Katarqalai
wsv	sn	Wotapuri-Katarqalai language
wtw	sn	Wotu
wtw	sn	Wotu language
wuu	sn	Wu
wuu	sn	Wu dialects
dgi	sn	Wule
dgi	sn	Wule dialect
wuh	sn	Wutun
wuh	sn	Wutun language
wuv	sn	Wuvulu
wuv	sn	Wuvulu language
wya	sn	Wyandot
wya	sn	Wyandot language
axx	sn	Xaragure
axx	sn	Xaragure language
xav	sn	Xavante
xav	sn	Xavante language
xho	sn	Xhosa
xho	sn	Xhosa language
xia	sn	Xiandao
xia	sn	Xiandao language
hsn	sn	Xiang
hsn	sn	Xiang dialects
xin	sn	Xinca
xin	sn	Xinca language
cuu	sn	Ya
cuu	sn	Ya language
gya	sn	Yaayuwee
gya	sn	Yaayuwee dialect
jae	sn	Yabim
jae	sn	Yabim language
yby	sn	Yabiyufa
yby	sn	Yabiyufa language
ygr	sn	Yagaria
ygr	sn	Yagaria language
yai	sn	Yaghnobi
yai	sn	Yaghnobi language
gdf	sn	Yaghwatadaxa
gdf	sn	Yaghwatadaxa language
yad	sn	Yagua
yad	sn	Yagua language
yag	sn	Yahgan
yag	sn	Yahgan language
ynn	sn	Yahi
ynn	sn	Yahi language
yaf	sn	Yaka
yaf	sn	Yaka (Congo and Angola)
yaf	sn	Yaka language (Congo and Angola)
yak	sn	Yakama
yak	sn	Yakama language
yka	sn	Yakan
yka	sn	Yakan language
ybh	sn	Yakha
ybh	sn	Yakha language
yaz	sn	Yako?
yaz	sn	Yako? language
yky	sn	Yakoma
yky	sn	Yakoma language
sah	sn	Yakut
sah	sn	Yakut language
yba	sn	Yala
yba	sn	Yala language
ylr	sn	Yalarnnga
ylr	sn	Yalarnnga language
nce	sn	Yale
nce	sn	Yale language
yal	sn	Yalunka
yal	sn	Yalunka language
tyam	sn	Yamba
yam	sn	Yamba (Cameroon and Nigeria)
yam	sn	Yamba language (Cameroon and Nigeria)
yat	sn	Yambeta
yat	sn	Yambeta language
jmd	sn	Yamdena
jmd	sn	Yamdena language
tao	sn	Yami
tao	sn	Yami language
ybi	sn	Yamphu
ybi	sn	Yamphu language
ynn	sn	Yana (USA)
ynn	sn	Yana
mos	sn	Yana (Burkina Faso and Togo)
mos	sn	Yana dialect (Burkina Faso and Togo)
ynn	sn	Yana language
ynd	sn	Yandruwandha
ynd	sn	Yandruwandha language
bzf	sn	Yangoru
bzf	sn	Yangoru dialect
dak	sn	Yankton
dak	sn	Yankton dialect
guu	sn	Yanomamo
guu	sn	Yanomamo language
jao	sn	Yanyuwa
jao	sn	Yanyuwa language
yns	sn	Yanzi
yns	sn	Yanzi language
yao	sn	Yao (Africa)
ium	sn	Yao (Southeast Asia)
yao	sn	Yao language (Africa)
ium	sn	Yao language (Southeast Asia)
yre	sn	Yaoure?
yre	sn	Yaoure? language
yap	sn	Yapese
yap	sn	Yapese language
jaq	sn	Yaqay
jaq	sn	Yaqay language
yaq	sn	Yaqui
yaq	sn	Yaqui language
yrb	sn	Yareba
yrb	sn	Yareba language
yae	sn	Yaruro
yae	sn	Yaruro language
yko	sn	Yasa
yko	sn	Yasa language
yyu	sn	Yau
yyu	sn	Yau language
yuf	sn	Yavapai
yuf	sn	Yavapai language
yva	sn	Yawa
yva	sn	Yawa language
yok	sn	Yawelmani
yok	sn	Yawelmani dialect
yah	sn	Yazghulami
yah	sn	Yazghulami language
mch	sn	Yecuana
mch	sn	Yecuana language
yle	sn	Yele
yle	sn	Yele language
ybe	sn	Yellow Uighur
ybe	sn	Yellow Uighur language
ybb	sn	Yemba
ybb	sn	Yemba language
jnj	sn	Yemsa
jnj	sn	Yemsa language
yec	sn	Yeniche
yec	sn	Yeniche language
yea	sn	Yerava
yea	sn	Yerava dialect
yeu	sn	Yerukala
yeu	sn	Yerukala dialect
yss	sn	Yessan-Mayo
yss	sn	Yessan-Mayo language
yey	sn	Yeyi
yey	sn	Yeyi language
yid	sn	Yiddish
yid	sn	Yiddish language
yii	sn	Yidiny
yii	sn	Yidiny language
yee	sn	Yimas
yee	sn	Yimas language
yim	sn	Yimchungru
yim	sn	Yimchungru language
yij	sn	Yindjibarndi
yij	sn	Yindjibarndi language
yia	sn	Yinggarda
yia	sn	Yinggarda language
yiy	sn	Yir-Yoront
yiy	sn	Yir-Yoront language
yog	sn	Yogad
yog	sn	Yogad language
nst	sn	Yogli
nst	sn	Yogli dialect
yok	sn	Yokuts
yok	sn	Yokuts language
yom	sn	Yombe
yom	sn	Yombe (Congo and Angola)
yom	sn	Yombe language (Congo and Angola)
yon	sn	Yongkom
yon	sn	Yongkom language
yut	sn	Yopno
yut	sn	Yopno language
yor	sn	Yoruba
yor	sn	Yoruba language
yuc	sn	Yuchi
yuc	sn	Yuchi language
ycn	sn	Yucuna
ycn	sn	Yucuna language
bdy	sn	Yugambeh
bdy	sn	Yugambeh dialect
bdy	sn	Yugambeh-Bundjalung
bdy	sn	Yugambeh-Bundjalung dialects
yuu	sn	Yugh
yuu	sn	Yugh language
sll	sn	Yui
sll	sn	Yui language
ess	sn	Yuit
ess	sn	Yuit language
ykg	sn	Yukaghir
yux	sn	Yukaghir
ykg	sn	Yukaghir language
yux	sn	Yukaghir language
yuk	sn	Yuki
yuk	sn	Yuki language
yul	sn	Yulu
yul	sn	Yulu language
omc	sn	Yunca
omc	sn	Yunca language
yup	sn	Yupa
yup	sn	Yupa language
ypk	sn	Yupik languages
yuq	sn	Yuqui
yuq	sn	Yuqui language
yuz	sn	Yuracare
yuz	sn	Yuracare language
yuj	sn	Yuri
yuj	sn	Yuri language
yur	sn	Yurok
yur	sn	Yurok language
jur	sn	Yuruna
jur	sn	Yuruna language
yui	sn	Yuruti
yui	sn	Yuruti language
zag	sn	Zaghawa
zag	sn	Zaghawa language
zkr	sn	Zakhring
zkr	sn	Zakhring language
zak	sn	Zanaki
zak	sn	Zanaki language
zne	sn	Zande
zne	sn	Zande language
zro	sn	Zaparo
zro	sn	Zaparo language
zap	sn	Zapotec
zap	sn	Zapotec language
dje	sn	Zarma
dje	sn	Zarma dialect
zza	sn	Zaza
zza	sn	Zaza language
sgl	sn	Zebaki
sgl	sn	Zebaki dialect
nzm	sn	Zeme
nzm	sn	Zeme language
zen	sn	Zenaga
zen	sn	Zenaga language
sna	sn	Zezuru
sna	sn	Zezuru dialect
xzh	sn	Zhangzhung
xzh	sn	Zhangzhung language
zha	sn	Zhuang
zha	sn	Zhuang language
zia	sn	Zia
zia	sn	Zia language
ziw	sn	Zigula
ziw	sn	Zigula language
gvo	sn	Zoro?
gvo	sn	Zoro? language
czt	sn	Zotung
czt	sn	Zotung dialect
zom	sn	Zou
zom	sn	Zou dialect
kab	sn	Zouave
kab	sn	Zouave dialect
gnd	sn	Zulgo
gnd	sn	Zulgo language
zul	sn	Zulu
zul	sn	Zulu language
zun	sn	Zuni
zun	sn	Zuni language
zwa	sn	Zway
zwa	sn	Zway language
